

Job Title - Software Engineer - Backend
 Reports Into - Senior Server Programmer
 Location - Hybrid/ Leamington Spa

 A Little Bit about Kwalee….
 Kwalee is one of the world’s leading multiplatform game developers and publishers, with well over 900 million downloads worldwide for mobile hits such as Draw It, Teacher Simulator, Let’s Be Cops 3D, Airport Security and Makeover Studio 3D. We also have a growing PC and Console team of incredible pedigree that is on the hunt for great new titles to join TENS!, Eternal Hope, Die by the Blade and Scathe.
 What’s In It For You?

 Hybrid working - 3 days in the office, 2 days remote/ WFH is the norm
 Flexible working hours - we trust you to choose how and when you work best
 A dog friendly office (There’s dog-free areas too, if pooches aren’t your thing)
 Profit sharing scheme - we win, you win
 Private medical cover - delivered through BUPA
 Life Assurance - for long term peace of mind
 On site gym - take care of yourself
 Relocation support - available
 VISA Sponsorship - available
 Quarterly Team Building days - we’ve done Paintballing, Go Karting & even Robot Wars
 Pitch and make your own games on Creative Wednesdays!
 An amazingly well equipped office with ping pong, darts, pool tables and video games while keeping refreshed with free snacks and a stocked kitchen (we have every kind of milk imaginable)

 Are You Up To The Challenge?
 As a Software Engineer - Backend you will write code that will run on 100s of servers thousands of times a second helping our games run smoothly, you will have to work out how to deal with massive amounts of data efficiently, train machines to crunch data and generally play around with the latest and greatest in tech.
 You love to write efficient code and tackle hard puzzles, you like working with a committed team.
 Your Team Mates
 The Backend team operates from our UK and India office as well as remotely - they're a bunch of tech experts who love solving hard problems and are the backbone of everything we do. The team makes sure all our servers are working at their optimal best so our millions of players can keep enjoying themselves.
 What Does The Job Actually Involve?

 Contributing to the design and architecture of our servers using Python with Flask deployed on AWS EC2 Servers.
 Implementing server features to robustly support millions of mobile game players.
 You’ll be working with a worldwide multi cluster Couchbase and Elasticsearch database.
 Interfacing with other teams on any server-related issues affecting them.

 Your Hard Skills

 A proven track record of writing high quality database and program code for servers with Python. We are considering different levels of experience (from several months to years).
 The ability to write quick scripts to accelerate manual tasks.
 Knowledge of NoSQL databases (Couchbase, MongoDB, Cassandra, Memcache,etc.) could be useful but it’s not mandatory.
 Knowledge of Unix, Linux or equivalent development environments
 Some experience in game development would be a plus, although it’s not necessary.
 An avid interest in either console, PC or mobile games

 Your Soft Skills
 Kwalee has grown fast in recent years but we’re very much a family of colleagues. We welcome people of all ages, races, colours, beliefs, sexual orientations, genders and circumstances, and all we ask is that you collaborate, work hard, ask questions and have fun with your team and colleagues.
 We don’t like egos or arrogance and we love playing games and celebrating success together. If that sounds like you, then please apply.
 A Little More About Kwalee
 Founded in 2011 by David Darling CBE, a key architect of the UK games industry who previously co-founded and led Codemasters, our team also includes legends such as Andrew Graham (creator of Micro Machines series) and Jason Falcus (programmer of classics including NBA Jam) alongside a growing and diverse team of global gaming experts.
 Everyone contributes creatively to Kwalee’s success, with all employees eligible to pitch their own game ideas on Creative Wednesdays, and we’re proud to have built our success on this inclusive principle.
 We have an amazing team of experts collaborating daily between our studios in Leamington Spa, Lisbon, Bangalore and Beijing, or on a remote basis from Turkey, Brazil, Cyprus, the Philippines and many more places around the world. We’ve recently acquired our first external studio, TicTales, which is based in France.
 We have a truly global team making games for a global audience, and it’s paying off: - Kwalee has been voted the Best Large Studio and Best Leadership Team at the TIGA Awards (Independent Game Developers’ Association) and our games have been downloaded in every country on earth - including Antarctica!
