
Our team is growing and we require a Software Developer to join our established STORM Development team to support the Police with their Emergency Services Command and Control - STORM system. The STORM Application is implemented as a VB.Net multi-layered architecture with a control room client written in WPF. Development can include a mixture of software programs, middleware components, applications, websites, user interfaces, and interfaces integrating with third-party applications.
 What you'll be doing:

 Designing, developing and testing software to deliver the required business functionality and build appropriate documentation for the software
 Providing developer support to customer-facing STORM consultants, including problem analysis and defect fixing
 Contribute to design reviews and discussions, peer code reviews, and knowledge transfer workshops
 Participate in workshops with technical and business partners within Sopra Steria
 Perform technical testing of interfaces to third-party applications or emulators

 What you’ll bring:

 Software development: design, code, test
 Problem analysis
 Microsoft .Net 4.6, VB.Net, Visual Studio
 WPF
 SQL and Relational Databases
 XML. Web Services

 It would be great if you had:

 Government sector knowledge 

If you are interested in this role but not sure if your skills and experience are exactly what we’re looking for, please do apply, we’d love to hear from you!
 Employment Type: Permanent  Location: Remote  Security Clearance Level: NPPV3 Internal Recruiter: Rebecca  Salary: £45-50k Benefits: 25 days annual leave with the choice to buy additional days, life assurance, pension, and generous flexible benefits fund 
Although this role is advertised as full-time, we support many ways of working and can offer a range of flexible working arrangements. So, if you’re interested and need to work flexibly, we encourage you to apply and talk to us about what might be possible. 
Loved reading about this job and want to know more about us?
 Our Aerospace, Defence and Security business designs, develops and deploys digital solutions that bring clients enduring business value across the UK’s Public and Private sectors. We foster a culture in which employees feel valued and supported, delivering exceptional rates of customer satisfaction in the UK’s most complex safety- and security-critical markets.
