

Industry Process Consultant (Manufacturing) – Internship 12 months
 As an Industry Process Consultant Intern you will be working within the UK Industry Consulting Team supporting key customer engagements using cutting edge technologies and engineering processes. The internship will focus on ‘Factory of the Future’ capabilities, working closely with a customer team to create software demonstrations using a combination of out of the box and prototype solutions. We are looking for students currently studying towards their Degree seeking an industrial work placement for a 12 months duration to join our team to gain a real time industry work experience. The base location will be a 3DS office in Coventry/Warwick, co-located with other project team members.
 You can find out more here:
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjalubSZv_k
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhNStk765DM
 Role & Responsibilities

Develop and demonstrate proof of concept software solutions using the 3DEXPERIENCE platform DELMIA ‘digital manufacturing’ toolset.
Test and validate developed solutions, present them to business end customers.
Participate in daily project meetings to report on progress and represent 3DS in front of the customer.
Engage with extended 3DS organization to request support and share project successes.



Qualifications/Experience

Studying towards a degree in Engineering or Computer Science.
An interest to create and apply digital solutions to Manufacturing Engineering/Operations problems.
An interest in software coding with experience of one or more of the following languages: Java, Python, Javascript, VBA, Fortran, C++.
Good presentation skills and team working skills
Demonstrate sound problem solving skills and the ability to think out of the box
Able to work independently and communicate ideas effectively

  As a game-changer in sustainable technology and innovation, Dassault Systèmes is striving to build more inclusive and diverse teams across the globe. We believe that our people are our number one asset and we want all employees to feel empowered to bring their whole selves to work every day. It is our goal that our people feel a sense of pride and a passion for belonging. As a company leading change, it’s our responsibility to foster opportunities for all people to participate in a harmonised Workforce of the Future.


