





NET Developer Junior – Senior roles available – £30K – £90K + Bonus + Paid Certifications

 Pearson Carter are currently working with one of the leading web security companies in the world! They are looking to boost their development department with multiple .NET Developer roles ranging from graduate to senior positions. Our client is working with the biggest businesses in the world all year round and need .NET Developers like you!
 They offer an excellent salary above market rate ranging from £30K – £80K (depending on experience) + Bonus + Paid certifications

 Responsibilities:

 Work in a small, cross-functional team on various web services supporting our business. Areas of functionality include handling orders, licensing, management of software releases, financial reporting, and the CMS hosting our blog.
Practice full-blooded Agile, with pair programming, TDD, obsession with quality, rapid release cycles, and frequent team retrospectives.


Learn from and share your knowledge with a close-knit group of high-performing individuals

 Experience:

 C#
.NET 4.8/.NET Core
MVC
JavaScript, HTML, CSS exposure
Mentoring/Code Reviews


 Salary:
 £30K – £90K depending on experience + Bonus + Paid Certifications

 Location:
 The client looking for .NET developers is located in Manchester who require in office work 5X per week.

 Applications are welcome from professionals who have the relevant experience with .NET.

 How to apply:
 Please apply asap with your CV to be considered for this position. You can also get in touch with me by emailing me [email protected] or calling on 0191 406 6111.

 Pearson Carter is the Global Leader in Microsoft Technology, Web, Mobile and Software Development Recruitment with specialist roles across the globe – www.pearsoncarter.com

 Keywords: Microsoft .Net, .NET, .NET Core, C#, senior developer, Full Stack, JavaScript, Typescript, Node, React, Angular, Vue, AWS, Developer, Software engineer, Web, relocate, Manchester , Knutsford , Onsite , Senior , Junior , Mid-level , Development







 Job Overview




Location: Knutsford, UK
       


Job Title: JNR-SNR Developers/ up to 80k/ Onsite/Knutsford
       


Salary: £30000 - £80000 
      




 Apply For This Job



 Before applying for this position you need to submit your online resume. Click the button below to continue.








