
We’re looking UK-wide for talented Software Engineers to work remotely on cutting-edge embedded software projects.
 Consult Red is an employee-owned company and a trusted partner to some of the world's largest brands. We're an R&D technology partner that develops cutting-edge 'Internet of Things (IoT) smart, connected products, video and broadband end-user equipment streaming TV devices, networks and platforms. Connected devices and systems developed by Consult Red are currently in more than 30 million homes around the world.
 Our story started in 2003 when five friends founded the company in Shipley, West Yorkshire. Since then, we've grown a lot. We work with the world's leading media operators, including Liberty Global (Virgin, UPC), Comcast (Sky) and AT&T (Directv), and in the last 12 months alone we’ve grown our team in the UK, Poland and the US by 40%. We're now over 220 people globally, working collaboratively to provide an industry-leading consultancy service across software development, hardware, embedded, and cloud technologies.
 We're proud to be an employee-owned business. At Consult Red, everyone has a stake, and everyone has a say. The employees are the business owners, and we work together with shared values and purpose towards our common goals. We want every team member to feel empowered, have a say in our future, and share in our success. Overview:
  We’re looking for highly experienced Software Engineers with a proven track record of software development using C++ or Java in an embedded environment. How You’ll Spend Your Time:
  You will work in an agile environment reporting to a Group Lead or Project Manager and will have considerable exposure to our clients and other partners. Working as part of a team, you’ll be a key part of the planning, design, development, debugging and integration of embedded software modules for cutting edge broadcast and internet TV receivers ("set-top boxes") or similar embedded/Internet of Things (IoT) devices. What You’ll Need To Bring:
 
Strong experience with C, C++ or Java in an embedded Linux or Android environment
Strong debug and problem-solving skills
Experienced developing and debugging multithreaded and/or multiprocess code
Ability to understand complex issues and discuss them via phone, email and other methods
Flexible, can-do approach
Desirable Tech Skills:
  Experience with any of the following is useful, although not required – ability and willingness to learn are just as important.
 Object Orientated programming in C++ or Java / UML diagramming / C++11 / STL or frameworks such as Qt / Embedded or mobile Java / RDK (Reference Design Kit) / JNI / Linux kernel / drivers / GCC / GDB / TDD and Unit Testing frameworks such as Google Test / Mockito / JUnit and similar / Software development for consumer electronics or TV / Audio,Video & TV standards / Networking protocols and standards including TCP/IP / Wi-Fi / UPnP / DLNA / HLS or MPEG-DASH / Agile, Scrum methodologies. What we'll give you in return:
 
A competitive salary that grows with your career
A twice-yearly company bonus scheme
Opportunities to train, develop and grow your career
25 days' holiday as standard, rising an extra day every year
A flexible and risk-averse approach to remote work
Access to the "Headspace" mindfulness app
Our Recruitment Process:
  We believe in moving fast and keeping things simple.
 Once you submit your CV, it will be reviewed by the hiring team. If your skills look like they may be a good fit, we’ll then progress your application and invite you to a first-stage technical interview via Microsoft Teams. If that goes well, we'll do a final stage interview which can either be done via Teams or face-to-face at the office.
 However we do it, we want you to leave us with a real feel for the role and a sense of what it's like to work with us, so we're happy to spend some quality time to answer all of your questions.
 So what are you waiting for? If this sounds like what you’ve been looking for just click apply to send us your details and we’ll be in touch really soon.
 You can find out more about our company, and what it’s like to work with us, on our LinkedIn or Glassdoor pages.
