Head of Software Engineering | Stokers Ltd | Technology | Remote and Hybrid Working options | 35 hours per week
We are looking for an exceptional Head of Software Engineering who’s ready to own and cultivate a new tech service infrastructure across our website and stores. A strong understanding of the latest tech practices, managing projects and the art of collaboration with others is essential. You will be responsible for building and nurturing a team of ambitious software developers, and driving the direction of Stokers technical infrastructure.
In a nutshell - we're looking for a master architect to lead the development of our next-gen systems!
This is a tremendous opportunity for someone to begin an amazing project with the Stokers Group.
Stokers Ltd: We’re a family furniture retailer with 10 stores, founded in the North over 125 years ago, £80m sales, a great reputation for high quality and stylish furniture… and a great story to tell.
The key purposes of the Head of Software Engineering:

Reporting to our E-Commerce Director, you’ll be helping to develop a new tech service infrastructure across the group website and stores.
You’ll be a key lead in the architectural decisions taken at the beginning of this journey.
You’ll be leading the recruitment and ongoing development of developers in the team.
You'll be key to designing everything from improvements to our in-house OMS / PIM systems, to entirely new systems & services, all with the goal of providing the best omni-channel customer experience.
Working with key business leads and project managers to develop efficient, scalable solutions will be a big part of the role.
Getting involved in the nitty gritty coding will also be vital to the position, as a team we all ‘roll our sleeves up’ no matter the level!

The experience we’re looking for as a Head of Software Engineering:

Experience as a technical lead and building, growing and developing a team.
Experience in the Retail / E-Commerce Domain.
Confident and articulate communicator with commercial awareness.
Actively enjoys researching and adopting the latest tech practices.
Extensive experience in the design and delivery of a Service Orientated Infrastructure.
Experience using Containers & K8s would be advantageous.
Ability to leverage a wide variety of tools, techniques and technologies to develop best in class solutions.
Experience with Back-end technologies: NodeJS / Python / Java / Go.
Strong experience in SQL.
Experience architecting REST / GraphQL APIs.
Experience of cloud services (Azure preferably).
Strong organisational skills - with the ability to plan and prioritise in a self-managing style and ensure deadlines are hit.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.

Package Description
For your valuable contribution you will receive:

£60-75k Basic Salary (DOE).
A generous bonus scheme.
VIP discounts at leading retailers.
Qualified free support for mental wellbeing and health.
An Employee Assistance Programme with 24/7 counsellors available.
Money back for a range of healthcare such as visiting the dentist – just claim the receipt!
A menu of complementary therapies ranging from Reiki to Sports Massages!
Stokers Pension Scheme which gives our employees the peace of mind for the future, including a generous life assurance if the worst should happen.
Lastly, as you learn to love the furniture you sell you will also learn to love the generous staff discount you would also be entitled to.

If you feel you have the right skills, experience and attitude to make this role your next exciting challenge, we want to hear from you today.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £60,000.00-£70,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company pension
Employee discount
Free parking
Life insurance
On-site parking
Sick pay
Store discount
Wellness programme
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme

Education:

Bachelor's (preferred)

Experience:

Leadership: 5 years (preferred)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Manchester, M3 3JE
Reference ID: LD.3.23/ES