
Role – Cloud Engineer
Location – Leeds (LS15 8GB)
Salary – £50,000 - £55,000 per annum
About Us
Pharmacy2U is the UK's first and largest online pharmacy, we're a market leader in the pharmacy world, with 20 years’ experience, helping over 700,000 patients in England manage their NHS repeat prescriptions from request through to delivery.
Role - The purpose of the role is to support ambitious business growth over the next few years. You will be required support to Microsoft Azure, DevOps practices such CI/CD, automation, scripting, and work alongside a fast-paced development team throughout the software development life cycle.
Skills 

Demonstrable a high-level understanding of system design, virtualisation, capacity, resilience, monitoring, network, DR and performance management.
Build, monitor and support knowledge in some of the following: Microsoft Azure, Windows Server, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft IIS install and management, Azure Kubernetes, Terraform, Azure DevOps.
Awareness of tooling, package management, and deployment strategies that support both iterative & continuous development.
Resourcefulness in getting over problems and establishing clarity.
Ability to work alone or as part of a delivery team.


An appetite to learn and seek new ideas and support from others.
3 years’ experience working as a cloud / Infrastructure engineer, including infrastructure and network engineering.
Experience of working in a pressured environment, delivering against tight deadlines


Experience of working within company and ethical rules and regulations
Degree in Software Engineering or Computer Science field, or equivalent or Proven experience as Systems Engineer or DevOps Engineer
Microsoft Azure Certifications are desirable
Excellent knowledge of ITIL V3, Foundation certification is desirable
Fluent in English both written and oral.

What we need from you

Being accountable for the support and continuous improvement of the Pharmacy2U Azure Cloud environment.
Maintenance, support and back up of the production environment.
Process, best practice, system and application build standards are consistently applied and constantly improved upon.
The setup and configuration of software version release management, cloud provisioning, and monitoring within Azure.
Ensuring production environments are protected by governance, good practice/process, design and 'fit for purpose' environments, to the left of Pre-Prod, supporting all project and change activity.
Ensuring weak points in process, technology and service is addressed through a culture of continual improvement.
The deployment and configuration of applications and systems, ensuring all releases are documented and packaged appropriately.
Ensuring systems and processes are safe and address level of cybersecurity threats defined in the project.

You will need to have:

Strong troubleshooting and fault-finding skills.
The ability to work as part of a busy team and build positive relationships with customers.
A self-motivated attitude and the ability to work independently.
A proven analytical approach to troubleshooting.

What we will offer you 

25 days annual leave increasing with service plus bank holidays
Occupational Sick Pay
Brand new head office at The Springs, with discounts on leisure facilities close by.
Contributory pension
Employee discount site. Plus 25% discount on staff health and beauty purchases
Social events throughout the year
Free onsite parking and refreshments as well as a Cycle to work scheme
Employee Assistance Programme (includes Online Health and Wellbeing Resource)

What are you waiting for? Apply today!
Key Words – Cloud Engineer, Devops, Azure, automation, scripting
#IND1
