
Looking for an exciting opportunity to develop, maintain, and support cutting-edge websites and systems? Join our team as a Developer and write functional code that meets business needs while ensuring quality and maintainability. You will collaborate with our dynamic scrum team to ensure timely project completion and develop technical solutions using a variety of languages and technologies.  What will I be doing:

Develop, maintain and support customer, owner, and internal websites and systems.
Write functional code that meets business needs while ensuring quality and maintainability.
Collaborate with the scrum team to ensure timely project completion.
Develop technical solutions using a variety of languages and technologies
Ensure tasks are appropriately sized for continual delivery.
Write functional code and automated tests.
Take full responsibility for the functionality you develop.
Peer review team work for quality assurance.
Improve development tools, processes, technology stack, and application performance and stability.
Assist in troubleshooting and providing out of hours support.
Document new developments and update existing documentation.

Your Next Chapter
 We know that the perfect candidate who ticks every box doesn’t exist, so if you’re excited by the role and can do most of the below – please get in touch. You could be exactly what we need! 
What you'll need:  

Commercial experience in React, Node.JS, Next.js, TypeScript, and JavaScript.
Adaptable and quick to learn in a fast-paced environment.
Well-organized and able to prioritize deadlines.
Experience/knowledge of PHP, C#, React Native, AWS Lambda, SQL, documentation writing, testing strategies, and Agile methodologies.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Sense of responsibility for the quality of work.
Task prioritization and accountability.
Positive, can-do attitude and team player.
Objectivity in decision-making.
Continual improvement and passion for learning.

About us 
We're Travel Chapter. We are a market leader in self-catering holidays. Having evolved from a small South West holiday letting agency to a UK network of travel brands, we pride ourselves on delivering the very best service to our customers and property owners alike. Along the way, we’ve nurtured a caring and collaborative culture that drives us forward and keeps our team inspired and motivated every day. We are passionate about what we do, and we like to have fun whilst doing it. We take a common-sense approach to getting things done. We get things wrong at times and that’s ok! We learn from it and adapt, remembering to stay curious and never stop evolving. 
What's in it for you 
Apart from joining a rapidly growing company with a great culture and a big focus on employee development, the great news is we also offer competitive salaries and benefits which we feel look after our team well. These include: 

25 days’ paid holidays plus bank holidays 
A day off for your or a loved one’s birthday 
£500 paid towards a holiday of your choice 
A paid day to volunteer with a charity of your choice 
Friends and family discount scheme 
Life assurance for your peace of mind 
Social clubs - whether you’re into pets, fitness, gardening, sustainability or nutrition, there's something for everyone 
Great social events - we are well known for our Christmas parties! 

Diversity is key to our success, and we work hard to make sure we’re inclusive. Let us know if you need any adjustments made to the application or selection process so you can do your best. We’ll be happy to help.
 Employment Type: Permanent
 Hours of Work: 09:00 - 17:30
 Location: Fully remote but based in the UK
 INDP
