
Senior Software Engineering Manager
 Science and Technology Facilities Council
 Salary: £39,748 to £44,166 per annum (dependent on skills and experience). A Specialist Allowance of £4,000 per annum is available on this role dependent on skills and experience. Hours: Full time or Part time (minimum 25 hours per week) Contract Type: Open Ended. Location: Remote, hybrid or on-site at Rutherford Appleton Laboratory Harwell, Oxfordshire
 Come and do the kind of software development that got you into technology in the first place. Work with innovative tech and world-leading scientists and engineers and be involved in projects that improve daily life in the UK and far beyond.
 Put simply, come and discover the impact you can make when you're equipped, encouraged and inspired to perform to your very best.
 About the role
 We are looking for a software engineering manager to join our team. You will lead by example and set the tone for our engineering culture. You will line lead software engineers at different stages in their career and will get to know the best ways to help individuals and teams succeed. You will be involved in the software development lifecycle putting on the relevant hats to unblock and ensure the team's success including, for example, deploying to and running our production environment. We use a customer-centric approach to provide solutions for the scientists and engineers we work with to provide an effective User Programme across multiple facilities. We collaborate and align our work with other teams across the division to make sure we manage and implement technologies effectively.
 Person Specification

 High emotional intelligence to line manage software engineers at different stages of their career including actively supporting their professional/career development.
 Experience of developing high quality software with a good broad understanding of standard methodologies in software development.
 Good interpersonal skills, particularly in presenting sophisticated and technical information appropriate to the audience.
 Strong problem-solving abilities.
 Highly organised.
 Experience of line management including coaching and developing staff and managing performance

 What we offer
 We are offering a permanent position with a whole host of benefits including:

 30 days holiday (in addition to 10.5 bank holidays and privilege days)
 flexible working hours
 an excellent defined average salary pension scheme
 employee shopping/travel discounts
 excellent learning and development opportunities
 visa Sponsorship for candidates applying outside of the UK

 Plus many more benefits and wellbeing initiatives that enable our employees to have a great work life balance!
 UKRI is an Equal Opportunity & Disability Confident Employer.
 How to apply:
 For full details on the role, please visit our careers site. Please submit an application including your CV and a Cover Letter that clearly showcases how your skills and experience align to the requirements of the role.
 We ask some of the biggest questions in the universe, to answer some of the biggest challenges in the world. Together, our scientists, technologists, engineers and business support team explore the unknown across every field you could think of. And they turn what they find into work that changes the world around us.
 What could you achieve with the world-leading facilities and experts of one of Europe's largest research organisations by your side? Join us and discover what's possible.
 Closing Date: Monday 8th May 2023
