Senior Software Engineer
Harwell Science and Innovation Campus, Oxfordshire / Some home working available.
£43,790 to £59,245 per annum, dependent upon skills and experience
Full time / Flexible hours considered.
Permanent
Reference: 11056
About Us
Software helps to enable the world-leading science performed at Diamond. Our software systems facilitate operations at all levels, including the low-level control of synchrotron and beamline hardware, the planning, execution and monitor of experiments, data archiving and retrieval, data processing and visualisation, the application for beamtime, and capture of remote experiment plans and samples. Our software engineers work alongside our scientists to develop innovative and robust solutions to keep Diamond at the forefront of scientific research.
About the Role
We are recruiting for an ambitious Senior Software Engineer to join the Data Analysis group, contributing directly to the delivery of scientific results by leading efforts to look at the way we transform beamline data using repeatable data processing workflow processes.
You will join a team of scientists and engineers who develop world-leading tools and algorithms as well as the open-source infrastructure which underpins the delivery of pertinent scientific results to our users. This is an exciting time at Diamond, as we look towards the upgrade to Diamond II: you will be contributing to the necessary developments to fully exploit the opportunities offered by this upgrade.
Responsibilities will include:

Providing technical leadership on software projects to develop, test, maintain and support software solutions across beamlines in collaboration with SSCC members and beamline scientists.
Leading and implementing industry standard software engineering practices to ensure sustainability of software solutions.
Leading on code modernisation activities with reliability, robustness, performance, and portability in mind to meet the needs of the user community.
Providing support for data analysis/acquisition/controls/business application software on beamlines, interacting closely with both beamline staff and external users.
Leading and assisting on defining interfaces (API) for software providers/services to ensure optimal functionality of the entire software stack across SSCC.

About You
A degree-level qualification in science, engineering, mathematics, computer science or equivalent experience is essential, as is an interest in supporting scientific research coupled with strong analytical and communication skills.
Experience in the full Software Development Lifecycle, using a modern high-level language, and with an understanding of good software design principles and design for usability are highly desirable.
Successful candidates will demonstrate enthusiasm to work in a collaborative, open-source environment, working mostly with Python and C++, with good experience in CI/CD, active system monitoring, issue tracking and version control. Knowledge of Containers and Kubernetes would be an advantage.
Benefits
Diamond offers an exceptional benefits package to support staff in achieving a positive work/life balance. This includes 25 days annual leave plus 13 days of statutory and company holidays and 2 annual volunteering days, along with flexible working hours and an excellent pension scheme. Staff also have access to a range of amenities on site including a nursery, cafes, a restaurant and sports and leisure facilities. A relocation allowance may also be available where applicable.
To Apply
Please use the online application process to apply and tell us why you believe you are suitable for this role.
The closing date for applications is 21st May 2023, however, we encourage early applications as some candidates may be interviewed before this date.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £43,790.00-£59,245.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: In person
Reference ID: 11056