Role: Ruby Developer
Type: Permanent
Location: Home Based
Vivup are one of the most successful providers of salary sacrifice, lifestyle savings, EAP and Recognition & Reward benefits, with hundreds of thousands of users in the UK, and with most of the NHS’s Trusts in their portfolio. There is also major expansion to local councils and private employers (SMEs).
The product offering includes a responsive Web platform, a React Native mobile app, and a Recognition & Reward offering delivered through a responsive Web platform, as well as using native iOS and Android Apps. Our partners include Currys, John Lewis, WeGift and Tusker through integrations (API, SSO, flat-file).
The Technology & Data team are currently 12 strong, being rapidly increased to 18 within 2021. It includes functions such as Platforms, Mobile Apps, Data & Reporting, as well as Infrastructure. Resource is in-shore, near-shore and off-shore and includes architects, developers, QA testers and data analysts. Agile Scrum, Feature & Bug tracking systems, and communication tools (Teams) are used for planning, as well as daily videocalls. The stack comprises AWS (Kubernetes), Azure, MySQL, MS-SQL, Ruby on Rails, React Native, Swift, Kotlin, .net and HTML/JS/CSS amongst others. Our QA/Testing processes across our Web and mobile offering include manual (primarily) and automated (secondarily) testing with software such as Cypress, Postman, JMeter.
What you'll contribute:
In this exciting remote/telecommute role, you will undertake key responsibilities, alongside other senior engineers, in:

Analysing business requirements, provided in the form of Business Requirement Documents (BRD) and User Journeys/Flows, to extract technical requirements.
Developing back-end and front-end requirements in Ruby on Rails and React/TypeScript, including tests.

The technologies used are Ruby on Rails, MySQL 8, GraphQL, ReactJS, TypeScript, CSS3, HTML5, deployed on k8s (AWS EKS). You are expected to be able to rapidly analyse requirements, develop and deliver functional back end (RoR) and front-end (ReactJS) code of excellent quality, and document your work and deliverables (e.g. for Review, QA, and UAT purposes). You need to be able to convert designs into code whilst ensuring interfaces are usable, responsive and abide by best design practices and accessibility considerations assessed during our Sprint Planning sessions, daily Stand-ups and feature-specific calls.
Some of the varied and interesting responsibilities are:

Develop high-quality medium-to-large features on application including back-end (Ruby on Rails) and front-end (React/TypeScript)
Communicating status and progress of your work daily (stand-ups) and bi-weekly (sprint retrospectives and planning) with your colleagues and managers
Analysing business requirements and translating them into development stories
Building tests (TDD is not required, but strongly encouraged)
Documenting your work and results – for QA department and external UAT
Optimised code at the onset for scalability a key requirement
Contribute to system specifications and technical implementation
Adopt an agile software development process
Code reviews

We'd love to hear from you if you have:

Development experience using Ruby on Rails and are keen to learn more.
Demonstrable experience of front-end technologies like JavaScript, React, TypeScript, HTML5, CSS3, browser compatibility
Good database knowledge (MySQL) and DB/query optimisation
Demonstrable experience with API integrations
Experience in writing unit test cases: RSpec
Understanding of object-oriented design and design patterns
Understanding of source control systems like git (or mercurial)
Experience working with cloud vendors like AWS or Azure

Non-Technical Skills

A team player with a strong collaborative approach
Strong analytical skills
Great attention to detail and desire to make projects successful
Strong communication skills (team playing)
Excellent use of spoken and written English language
Strong problem-solving skills
Passionate about technology and the quality of the solutions

Please note you must have the right to work in the UK.
In addition what we’ll give you in return:
This a role that offers true satisfaction with the chance to help other people. We value each of our colleagues’ contribution and we offer benefits that cater to our colleagues’ mental, physical, and financial wellbeing. We know that we all want different things so there’s something for everyone. Here’s just a few things we offer:
Starting salary for the role is £30,000K

£200 allowance to get your home office set up
A generous holiday allowance of 25 days plus the day off for your birthday
Contributory pension scheme
Quarterly performance related bonus
Affordable salary sacrifice benefits such as Cycle to Work, Home and Electronics, Gym Memberships Travel & Leisure, Cars and much more
Discounts and savings on shopping, travel, entertainment and more
Access to our outstanding Employer Assistance Programme
Peer to Peer Recognition
Quarterly socials and regular team events
Significant training and development opportunities

The Process
It's important to us that everyone has an optimal candidate experience. Our selection processes are engaging, fair and transparent and will consist of;
1. A short pre-screen interview where we'll get to know each other better
2. A first stage interview where will explore your experience in a bit more detail
3. And finally, a culture and values-based interview where we'll tell you more about what's it's like to work at Vivup!
For some roles, we may ask you to complete an assessment, but we'll let you know well in advance so that you have enough time to prepare!
We're all working remotely so all our interview are being conducted online.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £30,000.00-£40,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Life insurance
Referral programme
Wellness programmes
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Quarterly bonus

Experience:

Ruby on Rails: 1 year (preferred)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Application deadline: 13/03/2022