Job Title: Azure Cloud Native App Developer 


Function: CIO 


Location: London 

 You will likely be an IT Graduate or someone who has experience of programming. You are looking to develop Azure native apps and expected to have the necessary qualifications and certifications to be able to develop azure native analytics applications. 

 You may also have knowledge of other Microsoft Azure Technologies, such as Power Platform, Logic Apps, API Management and SharePoint/Data verse. You will be interested in exploring other technologies whether that’s Low Code (PowerApps) or coding languages i.e. C# 

 What we need today 

 To make sure you’re set up for success you’ll already have these skills and experience: 

 Excellent documentation & communication skills 

 Solution-focused with a problem solving “can do” attitude to work Desirable Skills 

 Understanding of the financial services industry 

 Awareness and experience with widely successful Agile techniques: User Stories, ATDD, TDD, Continuous Integration, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing, etc 

 Working knowledge of Dynamics, SharePoint in addition to Power/Logic/Function App related product 

 Familiar with Azure DevOps or VSTS 

 Familiarity with DevOps concepts, and CI/CD pipelines 

 Familiarity with automated testing 

 Experience working with SQL and No-SQL databases 

 Azure Fundamentals - AZ-900 (required) 

 Azure Developer - AZ-204 (required) 

 What we need tomorrow 

 It takes more than experience to be successful in the role. With development and coaching from us, you will: 

 Keep technical documentation up to date 

 Follow TDD practices ensuring robust unit tests are always available and run 

 Ensure value reportability – metrics etc for all releases 

 Provide support on the Azure Platform including architecture, development best practices and guidance to less experienced team members 

 Share regular updates via our Task Management tool and via the Daily Stand-Up sessions 

 Adhere to the SHEQ Policies and Procedures Skills Knowledge and Expertise Essential Skills 

 So if this sounds right up your street, come and join our team. We make things happen! 

 We are TSB. Life Made More 

 #IND2 

 #LI-CC1 

 Inclusion matters at TSB. We want our colleagues to feel at home here, no matter their background . Diverse teams are what helps us deliver Money Confidence. For everyone, Every day. 

 Did our job advert catch you eye, but you don't meet all the requirements? Don't let that put you off. If you meet some of the requirements and have an open curious mindset, we'd love to hear from you.