
Up to £80k basic
Big benefits package
Training and personal development
Generous annual leave allowance
Flexible, remote working

Do you have experience as a Dynamics 365 Developer? Join one of the UK’s most vibrant Microsoft partners! You’ll take on a vital role for the company and make a huge difference – if you’re able to work from home and have the expertise; apply today!
The Job

Join as a Senior Microsoft D365 / Dynamics CE Developer.
Work on enterprise-level and quick-turnaround projects.
Develop and customise Dynamics 365 CE software for global clients.
You’ll work closely with Project Managers, Consultants and a technical team.
Collaborate with end-user clients and put forward your expert views.
Continually develop your own knowledge and skills.
Remote working, in the UK.

About You

You’ll have worked as a Dynamics 365 CE Developer.
English language is important, as many of your projects are international.
Knowledge of the Power Platform (including Power Automate, Portals)
A proven expert in developing Microsoft Dynamics solutions.
You’ll understand many functional modules and design of Microsoft Dynamics.
Naturally keen to solve customer problems and help businesses to grow.
Able to work with senior and C-level executives.
Based in the UK.

Company Snapshot

Microsoft Gold Partner and growing each quarter.
Have enterprise clients across the UK.
Profitable, cash-rich and reinvesting profits.
Ambitious with their growth plans.
Down-to-earth and strong team culture.
Give a lot of trust to Dynamics experts like you.

Next Steps
If you want to join a growing Microsoft partner in the UK, and you’ve got the Dynamics experience, apply today!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £60,000.00-£80,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Flexible schedule
Life insurance
Private dental insurance
Private medical insurance
Referral programme
Wellness programmes
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

D365 CE: 2 years (required)

Work remotely:

Yes
