The Company

We are a technology travel business located in the centre of beautiful Bury St Edmunds, with exciting plans for the future.
We own and operate several major travel websites focusing on accommodation but also including visitor attractions, wedding venues and beach huts. They include Speedybooker.com, BeachHuts.com, BritainsFinest.co.uk, FishPal.com, Monasteries.com and UniversityRooms.com.
Our booking engine, internally developed over ten years, also powers third party websites.
We are building a property management system (PMS) to provide our properties with additional tools (turbo-pms.com).
Our mission is to be our customers’ and vendors’ favourite booking platform/PMS.
We aim to hire the highest calibre of people. Our values are to:
Commit to personal excellence - Always look to learn and improve, be positive, proactive not reactive, tenacious to achieve incredible results, use every minute wisely, go the extra mile, and have fun!
Work as a team - Be willing to offer help, humble to accept it, share and use best practice, honest, respectful, disciplined not to cut corners for short-term gain, selfless to seek the best for the company, not just yourself or your group.
Passion for the product - Look to continually enhance our product, automate where possible, embrace and fix problems, use iterative development, and strive for perfection.
Please see speedybooker.com for more information.

Responsibilities and Duties

You will be given work that will have been spec’ed and planned into a fortnightly sprint process
You will need to communicate with the Product owners and Technical team with suggestions/questions and improvements to specifications.
You will report directly to our Scrum master.
You will have daily scrum meetings.
You will be involved in fortnightly retrospective meetings
Improving codebase while implementing new functionality.
Ensuring good quality of code.
Improving performance of code.

Qualifications and Skills
“Must have” technical skills

3 or more years experience with C#
Be able to lead and help team members.
mySQL or SQL
JavaScript
HTML
Css
Visual Studio
Experience with one of Angularjs/Vue.Js/React/Knockout.js
JavaScript
you must be able to demonstrate your design skills.

“Nice to have” technical skills / things you might learn

Management experience
ASP.Net
MVCAndroid / iOS apps
XML
Have used Jira or similar software for managing projects

Other characteristics

A degree in computer sciences would be an advantage but is not a requirement.
We are looking for a talented individual who is organised, methodical, motivated, gives attention to detail, and can envisage building a long-term career within the company.
Strong English written and verbal skills.

Benefits

Opportunity to join an established profitable ecommerce/software business with exciting growth plans for the future.
Above industry average salary (dependent on experience) plus 10% on target bonus plus pension contributions.
Modern Office on Cornhill in the centre of Bury St Edmunds.
Free car parking.
Bonus scheme.
Hybrid working (work from home up to three days a week)
Employee benefits and rewards scheme
Paid for training.
Company events & social time.
You will be joining a twenty-strong team of fun and hard-working sales people, account managers, and software developers.

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £30,000.00-£60,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Employee discount
Free parking

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
No weekends

Ability to commute/relocate:

Bury St. Edmunds IP33 1BE: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Experience:

.NET: 3 years (required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Bury St. Edmunds IP33 1BE