Job Title: Web Developer
Location: Loughton, Essex
Salary: up to £75,000
Benefits

Working within a newly refurbished dedicated office space with onsite employee gym and parking
Close road links to M11/M25/A406/A12 and London
Central Line Train station within one-minute walk with quick access to Central London
28 days annual leave, incl. Bank Holidays, per annum, with an additional day per year of service (capped at 33 days)
Pension Scheme
Healthshield (health cash back scheme and counselling services)
Eye Test / Glasses reimbursement scheme
Last Working Day Lunch paid for by Company
Various team and personal reward incentives
Social events

Who are we?
PDL Finance Limited. Established in 2009 and regulated by the FCA, with a proven track record for customer and employee satisfaction.
What we are looking for:
We are seeking an extremely driven, passionate and motivated individual to join our in-house development family. The ideal candidate will enjoy learning, seeing projects through to completion and thrive on new challenges. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work on our public-facing API and back-office websites in a Test-Driven Agile environment. We are always exploring the latest technologies and have recently migrated to Azure where we will be modernising from VMs to App Services, SQL MI and utilising many other services on offer. Other future projects include incorporating .NET Core, SignalR and AI technology such as ChatGPT. Your role will involve enhancing our websites using the technologies listed below and integrating new technologies as needed.
Main duties and responsibilities:
This is a fast-paced, hands-on role. Your day-to-day responsibilities will include, but not solely be limited to:

Developing website features and fixing bugs using C#, Entity Framework, Azure Service Bus and SQL Server
Writing unit and integration tests using NUnit
Styling website changes in CSS
Developing JavaScript code using frameworks such as Vue
Attending scrum meetings and briefings with project owners and peers
Writing SQL scripts to modify database schema in SQL Server 2014

Technical Skills:
Required:

ASP.NET 4.6+ MVC 5
C# 6 including advanced language features e.g., generics, lambdas, delegates
Design Patterns and SOLID Principles
Entity Framework 6+
SQL Server 2014+
TDD/NUnit
Javascript/JQuery/AJAX
HTML5
CSS 3

Desirable:

ASP.NET Core
Azure Service Bus
Entity Framework Core
Vue
Agile methodologies/Scrum
Automated browser testing/SpecFlow/Selenium
SignalR
ECMAScript6
AngularJS

Person Specification:

Strong written and verbal communication skills
Good coding and development abilities.
The confidence to express ideas as part of a creative team
A clear and genuine interest in technological trends
The ability to meet deadlines and think strategically
A passionate approach to work with a desire to push boundaries
The ability to explain technical jargon to peers
Honest, reliable, dedicated, and hard working
Minimum of two years relevant experience

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £60,000.00-£75,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company events
Company pension
Discounted or free food
Free parking
Gym membership
On-site parking
Referral programme

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Loughton: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: In person
Reference ID: DEV1