All applicants must have a right to work in the UK and be able to provide documentation at the interview stage.
One Call Insurance Services are looking to recruit an experienced PHP Developer to work closely with our well-established development team of 12 members and 2 managers. There has been no better time to join the team as we are currently undertaking an exciting period of system rebuild and improvements to pave the way for a better tomorrow!
What tech stack is required?

PHP
Laravel
Javascript

What do we offer?
Salary: Dependent on Experience and ability
Hours: Full Time- Permanent – 37.5 hours per week plus opportunities for paid overtime. With opportunity for flexi-time structure.
Benefits…

Annual leave starts at 20 days (increasing up to 25 days) plus bank holidays
Free on-site parking
Subsidised staff Canteen
Additional benefits based on time served such as free breakdown cover, health insurance, travel insurance and even car allowance.
Fantastic Career Progression Opportunities
Paid for Online training course
Workplace Pension contributions
Monthly Lottery Scheme (Jackpot up to £1500)
Star and Team of the Month nominations
Fun and inclusive Charity events throughout the year
Friendly Office Dog

The cherry on top…
Here at One Call Insurance we believe the key to quality work is quality of life; mind, body and soul. Therefore we offer Free access to our on-site gym including 1-2-1 training sessions with fully qualified Personal Trainers. We also offer discounted access to onsite Sport Massage Therapist, and Physiotherapist.
What will I be doing?

Building new applications at the forefront of the business using PHP 7, MySQL and more, as well as integrating with APIs.
Suggesting new functionality and methods to improve the overall customer and staff journey
Maintaining existing codebase, including troubleshooting, bug fixing and adding new features
Mentoring and encouraging junior members of staff

What do we need from you?

To maintain a professional manner
Display strong communication skills
Have the ability to work to targets/deadlines
Understand the principles of Unit Testing
Have experience with RESTful / SOAP API creation
Have experience of working with Vagrant or Docker
Have expertise with PHP 7.x
Have expertise with Vanilla JavaScript
Have expertise with PHP Framework (preferably Laravel 5.x – 6.x)
Have experience in a JavaScript Framework Angular, React or preferably Vue
Have a solid understanding of web application development, from user interface to relational database structures
Display strong organisational skills to manage multiple projects and deadlines simultaneously
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git.

Would you like to hear more?
Please do not hesitate to get in contact with Saffron Hunter on 01302 558 616
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £35,000.00-£45,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Employee discount
Gym membership
On-site parking
Wellness programme

Work Location: In person
Reference ID: INDONEC