Serial Affinity Ltd is looking to appoint a SQL Server DBA/Developer to join our team on a Full-Time basis at their Tech HQ in Finnieston, Glasgow.
Offering a unique opportunity for an individual with prior experience seeking new challenges and broad database administration responsibility. The successful candidate will be responsible for monitoring, maintenance and operational support of our entire portfolio of databases including AlwaysOn High Availability. Maintain reliability, stability and data integrity of the databases. Provide support in the administration, backup, integrity and security of various SQL databases. Responsible for database tasks from software upgrades and fielding support requests, to troubleshooting. Continually assess, improve, and optimize our current database environment.
Key Responsibilities:
Will work with Database Administrator, Development, Infrastructure, and Management teams across all environments to ensure that the SQL Server database maintenance tasks are performed as desired, including but not limited to the following:

Monitor performance of database systems resources and query throughput
Optimize SQL Code as necessary
Monitor and maintain database storage resources
Monitor and maintain database backups, index rebuild/defragment, and database statistics
SQL Server Installation, Upgrades, Migrations and Configuration
Install database software service packs and cumulative updates as necessary
Maintain database documentation as required
Maintain and administer database security access
Perform database Ad-hoc backups and restores
Troubleshoot and resolve database connectivity issues
Follow change management processes to implement database configuration changes
Follow problem management processes to troubleshoot and resolve recurring issues
Proactively monitor and respond to MSSQL database alerts.

Essential Skills, Competencies, Experience and Relevant Qualifications:

2 years experience as a database administrator in SQL Server environment
2 year experience in T-SQL, DTS, SSIS package development
1 years of SQL Server database development / programming
Experience of administering SQL Server 2017 databases
Experience with Monitoring & Diagnostic tools

Bachelor's Degree (BS/BA) or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Further experience and technical accreditations such as below would also be highly desirable:

AlwaysOn High Availability SQL Servers
Certification from Microsoft in Database Administration.
Experience with other database technologies such as PostgreSQL would be beneficial

It is imperative that the candidate has excellent self-motivation and communication skills with the ability to build good working relationships.
Days & Hours to be worked:
Mon – Friday
37.5 Hrs Flexible working
Required core hours:
10am – 12 noon
2pm – 4pm
Salary:
40-45k per annum dependent on experience.
Benefits:

Flexible working hours.
Cycle to work scheme.
Company pension scheme.
Private medical insurance.
Smart/Casual dress.
Subsidised gym membership.
Annual training & development budget

Please note we do not require any agency assistance on this position.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £40,000.00-£45,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Additional leave
Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Employee discount
Gym membership
Life insurance
Private medical insurance
Referral programme
Sick pay
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Hybrid remote in GLASGOW
Reference ID: SADBA1