




     Career Level: 08 Career 
    







     Posting Date: 03-Apr-2023
     









Do you have couple years’ development experience in Microsoft Dynamics 365 CE or Microsoft Power Platform?
Do you have experience in C# and JavaScript development?


If the answer is YES - Apply Now!


We are recruiting a motivated and committed professional to join our development team. As a Dynamics 365 Developer, you will work as part of a team of Developers, Technical Consultants and Functional Consultants to design and implement medium to enterprise integrated Dynamics solutions.


Whats in it for you?



Hybrid working environment
Investment, with opportunities for training and a defined promotion pathway
Private healthcare, Cash plan, Life Assurance, Income protection and Lifeworks 24/7 support
Perkbox
Bike to Work
Enhanced Pension




You will be working in a fast paced PE backed organisation with a phenomenal growth history and future. With 40+ acquisitions in under 5 years, you will be able to implement and drive real change!


Additionally to your experience in Microsoft Dynamics 365 CE or Microsoft Power Platform, as well as experience in C# and JavaScript you will have:



Ability to convey technical information to non-technical stakeholders
Experience with data migration/ integration (such as SSIS, Kingsway Soft, Scribe, Task Center)
Experience of working with different project methodologies, supporting the planning of a project delivery, specifically, iterative, waterfall and agile methodologies
Experience of quality assurance and testing within a development team




Why ClearCourse?


We're a rapidly growing collaborative of disruptive technology innovators, working together to build a brilliant software and payments business.
As a ClearCourse employee, you’ll get the support and structure that you need to enjoy your work and develop your career while doing what you love and making a difference in a fast-paced and innovative business that has recently been named one the UK's Best Workplaces For Wellbeing in 2023.


Our FAIR™ Corporate Values


Future-proof: We seek out innovation and we continually strive for progress
Approachability: We’re approachable and we communicate with respect and empathy
Integrity: We will only do what we believe to be the right thing 
Responsibility: We are accountable for ourselves, our organisation and the world around us


At ClearCourse we're committed to an inclusive culture and are keen to attract diverse individuals who thrive in a flexible working environment. If you have a disability or need any reasonable adjustments during the application and interview stages, please let us know.


Across our business, we’re investing in our people, expanding our expertise, and developing our vision. Want to get on board? We’d love to speak with you.





