Junior Software Developer
One Big Circle – Bristol
Full-Time 37.5 hours over 5 Days
£20k-£25k
About One Big Circle
Formed in 2017, One Big Circle is a fast-growing Bristol technology company that provide“Intelligent Video” solutions. We focus entirely on solving real-world industry problems by fusing new technology in the field of Video, IOT, Cloud and AI providing end to end solutions which allow our customers to dramatically improve their operational efficiency and safety. Our culture is one of high-quality technical delivery and we work at a speed that many industries are unaccustomed to; we have done this by building a team dynamic that challenges and empowers our people and creating an environment where everyone contributes and learns. We are growing, profitable and have ambitious plans to continue expansion in and beyond our existing markets.
We are looking for a proactive and motivated individual to join our team to support the business in further growing our flagship product: AIVR. AIVR (Automated Intelligent Video Review) is a state-of-the-art video technology system used by thousands of people in the rail industry. It is relatively new to our market, rapidly evolving and there are lots of people excited about what more it can achieve. AIVR | Intelligent Video
We believe in a happy, inclusive & supportive workplace where everyone can work to their best ability. We are growing quickly and need to recruit another valued member of the team. Could that be you?
Role Summary
An exciting opportunity to start a career with a diverse and fast-growing team, developing your skills on a variety of innovative projects, delivering to a range of clients as well as the in-houseInnovation Lab
Responsibilities
You will help create and test software within a skilled team that likes getting things done. You will learn a range of current and new technologies from experienced software engineers and will be given increasing responsibility for elements of each project as you continue to prove yourself.
There is significant scope to adapt the exact role to your skills and interests, but you will spend time developing web applications and mobile apps under the supervision and guidance of senior engineers. We use a mix of modern and established tools such as: ReactJS, React Native,Node.js, PHP, Python and Amazon Web Services.
Personal Qualities and Experience
You are someone who enjoys learning new skills, finding out things and also learning from mistakes. We’d like you to be reliable, curious, and ready to deal with problems and get them solved. We strongly encourage those from under-represented groups to be confident in applying to us.
You do not need to have any formal experience working in software , but you should be able to demonstrate your interest by having done something or worked on a ‘passion project’ yourself.You might have built a website or app, created a work-flow system, written a mod for a game or put something together with a raspberry pi. You should have some familiarity with at least one general purpose programming language.
You will also be keen to contribute ideas to both the business development and the social side of the company.
Company Benefits Include:
● Basic salary● Auto enrolment Pension Scheme● 25 Days Holiday plus bank holidays● Life Assurance● Private Healthcare Cover● Share Options● Work related training courses as required● Complimentary snacks and refreshments including fresh fruit● Communal working area plus dedicated desk space● Office-based role with flexible working and the option of one day per-week working from home● Access to Bike to Work Scheme● Secure bike storage and shower facilities● Social events
You would be a valued part of a small but growing team where your ideas and opinions are valued as we continue the exciting journey of One Big Circle.
To apply please email a covering letter along with CV
We’d love to see any evidence of your work - websites, projects etc to accompany your application. https://www.onebigcircle.co.uk/
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £20,000.00-£25,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Discounted or free food
Life insurance
Private medical insurance
Referral programme
Sick pay

Schedule:

Day shift
Holidays
Monday to Friday

Work Location: In person