Net World Sports is the leading provider of high-quality sporting equipment worldwide. We are a fast-paced, fast-growing, and innovative company that values talent, determination, and ambition.
You’ll be exposed to the entire end to end journey of creating garments suitable for the sports industry, from creating tech packs all the way to supporting the content team list the product on the website.
The quality of our products is our number one priority, and the product design team is the most pivotal departments of the business where no two days are the same. You will have the exciting opportunity to design and source brand-new clothing ranges for various sports, taking on a key responsibility in our team.
THE ROLE:

Carrying out market research into competitors’ garments, including comp shops.
Liaise and negotiate with manufacturers globally to create high quality samples at the best prices.
Create accurate and detailed tech packs, amending in response to fit amends, and assuring all changes are reflected in the packs.
Carry out fit session, reviewing the samples for corrections to aesthetics dimensions, hand feel, functionality, and workmanship.
Gather feedback from fit session, sales, Customer service, wearer trials etc to communicate any changes and improvements to manufacturers.
Participate in design critiques and feedback sessions with senior members of the team to look for improvements and receive any constructive criticism.
Approving lab dips, strike offs, trim cards, samples and test reports
Attend garment/product photoshoots, help with any changes that may need making on the day.
Ensure everything is on time and follows the critical path and delivery dates are met.
Manage any quality issues that may arise during and after development.

WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO SHOW US:

Good IT skills – confident using Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign as well as Microsoft Excel.
Good knowledge of fabrics, technical components, and different sewing techniques.
Capable of thriving in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, while always maintaining a sharp attention to detail.
Experience in attending/running fit sessions, having the knowledge of what improvements to look for and making sure they are followed through.
A real flair for creativity and design
Experience negotiating prices, lead time and payment terms.
Commercial awareness
Experience in working with technical clothing and children’s clothing is an advantage but not essential.
Be able to manage workloads efficiently and work efficiently through them.
Great communicators, able to build strong relationships with colleagues and suppliers alike.
Willingness to build and maintain positive working relationships.
Determination to achieve objectives with optimism when things don't go to plan.

WHAT WE VALUE:
Our mission is to become the world’s leading sports equipment retailer. Nothing excites us more than finding hungry, talented individuals and unleashing them in a team capable of achieving incredible things. So, what do we look for in our hires? Well, Net World Sports is a pretty unique place to work. Our people create our culture, here’s just some of the things we value in our people:

Good attitude – reliability, accountability and a positive attitude goes a long way!
Be respectful - treat and speak to each other with respect. Be present, stick to deadlines and be respectful of other people’s time.
Hard working – don’t be afraid of hard work, roll your sleeves up and get involved.
Approachable – be friendly, kind and willing to help others.
Supportive – encourage and support each other to do our best!
Adventurous – we like to find creative solutions and play by our own rules.
Transparent - Open and honest communication with others and with ourselves.

WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU:

Summer and Christmas Parties - Because one party is never enough!
To be a part of a fast-growing, family business
Health & wellbeing programme
Social and charity events throughout the year
Bike to Work scheme
Employee loyalty rewards
Employee discount
An extra day off for your birthday
Additional holidays with length of service
Internal help to buy house deposit scheme

Hours: 37.5 hours per week, Monday - Friday - we offer flexible working hours which can be discussed in the interview.
This role is based in our Wrexham office, full-time. We're unable to offer remote-working and require a quick start so we're unable to consider applications outside of the UK.
APPLICATION PROCESS:
Applicants need a degree classification of 2:2 minimum. Degrees in the following areas are desirable or similar – Fashion Design, Fashion Business, Garment Technology, Fashion Technology or Fashion Buying. We want dynamic candidates that are eager to learn and develop within our company.
We like to keep our application process simple and to the point. We want to learn about you, so make sure you include:
A detailed cover letter with why you think you’d be perfect for our team
The ever-important CV!
Portfolio of designs (anything you have from university will be perfect)
We’ll be in touch after the application deadline has closed to set up interviews for candidates that have been shortlisted.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Benefits:

Additional leave
Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
On-site parking

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Wrexham, LL13 9UT: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: In person