The Opportunity…
althaus digital are an alternative training provider who do things differently. Our aim is to unleash the digital leaders of tomorrow by equipping our learners with the powerful combination of technical skills and leadership abilities they need to maximise their growth and realise their potential.
We’re looking for a self-motivated, driven individual with a proven passion for all things Software. This is an exciting opportunity to take the first step in your IT Software career with a ‘digital first’ business renowned as one of the strongest brands in the IT/digital training sector.
The Role…
As a valued contributor to our Software Development, you will be part of a warm, friendly and forward-thinking team responsible for supporting with the general everyday challenges facing all modern IT teams. You will be expected to support in resolving a range of IT and security-related challenges across our network in an organised and timely manner. No day will be the same in what is a fast-paced, exciting new role, with the successful candidate naturally striving to provide great customer service to both our external and internal stakeholders. You will be meticulous and patient in your approach; keen to live and breathe our company values (available to view on our website!).
The Person…
We appreciate you will likely be at the very beginning of your career in Software, so provided you’re able to confidently demonstrate your interest in the subject, we’ll be more focused on your passion for learning/development and natural fit with our core values, rather than being able to evidence a significant degree of pre-existing technical knowledge.
Essential Qualifications & Knowledge…

Grade 4/C GCSE or equivalent in both English and Maths
High standards of personal integrity, professional conduct and customer service
Willingness and comfortability to engage with internal and external stakeholders at every level

Support & Training
To prepare you for your new role/career, you will be supported through a 12-week, live & online bootcamp-style training programme by our team of expert in-house trainers and mentors prior to formal interview with a local employer for a full time role or an apprenticeship opportunity. During these 12 weeks you will not be paid. This unique and impactful software development upskilling programme will cover a broad range of subject areas including components of network solutions, routing protocols, ethernet & fibre connectivity, cryptography, common threats and cyber risk assessment, equipping you to become a digital leader of tomorrow. Here is what you will cover in the 12-weeks:

Increased problem-solving capability.
Practical experience of Coding & Programming in a sought-after programming language.
Experience of creating a programming project, from scratch, under the guidance of an experienced Trainer.
Knowledge of several aspect of Software Development and technical skills/ method used in the Software Development Lifecycle including Backend and Frontend technology.

Job Type: Apprenticeship
Salary: From £5.28 per hour
Benefits:

Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: In person