




     This role will be a part of CentralNic’s Registry division and as the Registry’s Principal Software Engineer you will bring an extensive industry knowledge and best practices to provide technical steer and assist in the development and rapid prototyping of new ideas and concepts helping us to deliver an enhanced, world-leading registry platform.
     


     As our Principal Software Engineer you will work closely with the Registry & DNS Operations and Platform teams.
    



Key outcomes of the role 




Key outcomes of the role:


Drive a programme of continuous improvement of services, performance, processes and people
Coaching, mentoring and collaborating with other teams as required
Build and enhance the company’s profile at events, speaking engagement etc
Ensuring company policies and legal guidelines are clearly communicated and adhered to








About you 




Wide domain industry experience and understanding of the role of a registry.
In-depth understanding of DNS, DNSSEC, EPP, RDAP and WHOIS as well as IPv4/6.
Adept at reverse engineering existing processes in order to refactor and improve upon them.
Strong Python (outside of data science) and, ideally another major language such as Go, PHP, Java or C/C++
Be significantly hands-on with coding and building a great engineering culture, leading by example, cultivating an environment of collaborative safety where all engineers have a voice.
Strong ability to size large and complex projects into smaller, achievable blocks with clear acceptance criteria.
At least 5 successful years in a technology lead role covering a mix of public and private cloud infrastructure.
Able to identify areas for improvement and contribute to both internal and external standards and processes.
Demonstrable ability to work with (and, ideally, contribute to) RFCs as a basis for development.
Can explain highly complex technical concepts, proposals and benefits to all types of audience - both technical and nontechnical.
Good commercial awareness (time/cost impact)
Utilisation of appropriate tools and approaches, including unit testing, CI/CD, IAC.
Highly aware of security implications and best practices.
A keen understanding of Agile, other approaches and methodologies and an ability to help teams identify the right aspects from each.




What's in it for you? 




     There are many reasons to come on board our team of talented professionals, but here are just a few…
    

We are collaborative, fair, consciously inclusive, and flexible
We trust, value, and support our people to make the difference
We believe that diversity of thought and experience provides the platform for innovation and creativity
We invest in the development of our people to drive our ambitions forward
We offer a range of benefits (including your choice of tech) and a competitive package
We offer a great work environment in an internationally successful enterprise in the online services industry


If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us or need us to make any reasonable adjustments, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at talent@centralnic.com

#LI_REMOTE




About CentralNic 


   We are an ambitious company founded in 1996 and listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNIC), which is growing quickly through acquisition. We live and breathe our values and are committed to the growth of our business that we achieve through the growth and development of our people. We are successful because we recognise that our people are at the core of everything we do. Our mission is to enable the global economy to achieve its online aspirations.
   
 As the developer and operator of software platforms, we provide web presence services to customers in over 180 countries. We are a leading provider of tools required to create websites, use email, and secure business online. Headquartered in London, the Group generates revenue and income from the worldwide sale of internet domain names and hosting on an annual subscription basis. CentralNic is also currently expanding its monetisation offering to acquire traffic and optimise online marketing activities.
  


