Why Cado Security:
We are building a platform to reinvent how people respond to cyber attacks. Come help us build it!
You’ll be joining an early stage, fast-growing company with share options and a competitive salary.
We offer you a great mission, diverse work, and a super-friendly team.
The role:
Cado Security is looking for a full time software engineer to help build our products.
You can be focused on the frontend, the backend or full-stack. Whatever part of the codebase you’re contributing to you’ll be expected to work closely with colleagues across the Cado team to help set the direction for the product and company.
Team Leads/Engineering Managers at Cado see their team as their product. While they are technically credible and spend time contributing to the code-base, at least a third of their time is spent safeguarding their team's health, hiring a world-class team, and putting them in the best position to succeed. They own the delivery of product commitments and are always looking to improve productivity. They also coordinate across departments to accomplish collaborative goals.
Our tech stack:

Backend: Python, ElasticSearch, Postgres, Redis, AWS/Azure/GCP, Cloudformation & Terraform
Frontend: Typescript, React, TailwindCSS, Cypress, Jest, NextJS
We invest heavily in automated testing and CI allowing us to ship multiple releases per week.

What you'll do:
We believe in hiring great people and growing them by giving them projects that will challenge them!

Plan and lead projects: anything from a small feature to a large migration involving multiple teams
Help your engineers grow their skills and experience
Conduct code reviews, and make technical contributions to product architecture
Conduct managerial interviews for candidates, and train the team to do technical interviews
Make your team feel safe and supported
Generate and implement process improvements
Hold regular 1:1's with all members of their team
Give regular and clear feedback around the individual's performance
Foster technical decision making on the team, but make final decisions when necessary
Improve product quality, security, and performance
Write high-quality, maintainable code

A qualified candidate has:
- Experience leading software teams
- Experience building and shipping reliable software.
- Some experience with either Python or React. You don’t need to be an expert, but especially for more senior candidates we’ll expect you to demonstrate an understanding of fundamentals in the interview.
- We don't require cyber-security industry specific experience.
Pay and Benefits:
– Private health care
– Pension
– Stock options for a fast growing company
– Training
- Working with an amazing team
- Your choice of Windows or MacBook
– The office is based out of London Waterloo and Bristol with flexible working.– We will consider hiring UK wide/full remote for exceptional candidates.
Right to work in the UK:
- At this point in our company, we are unable to sponsor visas, so you must have the right to work in the UK.
Job Type: Full-time
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £60,000.00-£100,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company pension
Employee stock purchase plan
Private dental insurance
Private medical insurance
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Hybrid remote in London