
Software Developer / Engineer (.Net SQL BI) St Albans / WFH to £65k
 Are you a data centric Software Developer with C# and SQL skills looking for an opportunity to progress your career?
 You could be joining a technology driven trading company and working on a range of projects to help drive business efficiencies.
 As a Software Developer you'll design and develop software systems and reports used across the business, including marketing, sales and compliance teams. You'll gain exposure to the full development lifecycle, from understanding user requirements through to solution delivery - you'll be working on various mini-projects using C# .Net, SQL and BI tools to help teams get what they need from the data available.
 There's a collaborative team environment with a fairly flat structure, you'll be able to make suggestions for improvements and take ownership.
 WFH Policy:
 You'll join colleagues in St. Albans, Hertfordshire (parking available), with the flexibility to work from home two days a week.
 Requirements:

 You're degree educated in a STEM discipline
 You have commercial C# .Net coding experience
 You have a good working knowledge of SQL, ideally also some experience with data analysis / BI tools (e.g. PowerBI)
 You have excellent communication skills, are collaborative and eager to learn and progress your career

 Salary & benefits: 
As a Software Developer you will earn a competitive salary (to £65k) plus benefits including:

 Significant bonus
 25 days holiday, rising to 30 after 2 years
 Enhanced parental leave
 Contributory pension scheme
 Private Medical
 Discounts for gym membership, travel and cinema
 Sabbatical after 10 years of service 

Apply now or call to find out more about this Software Developer / Engineer (C# .Net SQL) opportunity.
 At Client Server we believe in a diverse workplace that allows people to play to their strengths and continually learn. We're an equal opportunities employer whose people come from all walks of life and will never discriminate based on race, colour, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The clients we work with share our values.
