Pure Energy are a market leading renewable energy company based in Essex installing a wide range of award-winning products. Due to ever increasing demand we’re looking for an inhouse CRM developer. We’re looking for a CRM developer to work inhouse to help enhance our own bespoke system off the back of ZOHO CRM. Experience is essential with ZOHO development and is office based.
Pure Energy is a happy and inclusive place to work, our staff enthuse their love for renewables and their role. This transcribes into first class customer service with our forever growing happy customer base we commit our service and reliability to.
Looking for someone who has/ can

Practical hands-on developer experience with ZOHO CRM.
Experience Creating Plugins, Actions, and Workflows.
Self-starter, ability to work and learn independently.
Good interpersonal skills and ability to work with diverse and remote teams.
Enhance the CRM system user experience by proposing additions and changes.
Build, manage and improve automated workflows for utilizing the CRM system and managing the customer journey.
Support the development of CRM analytics as per team requirements.
Lead and manage CRM projects you propose from idea to full delivery.
Customise and configure the Zoho suite to meet the needs of the company. Integrate existing IT systems and services into the CRM architecture.
Design, develop, and deploy high priority/complexity code according to the functional specifications, detailed design, maintainability, and coding standards of Zoho CRM.

· Occasionally provide off-hours support
· Implementation
-Ensure controls are in place to maintain data integrity
-Train users on data cleanliness, internal processes, and new features.
· Internal audit
-Audit users to ensure the system is being used correctly.
-Check that all Leads, Opportunities and Amendments are moving correct in their customer journey.
-Provide reporting and analysis of CRM.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £43,420.15-£45,509.41 per year
Benefits:

Company pension

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Grays: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: In person