Join us as leaders in #LearnTech as we innovate to remove technology barriers to learning and training for our global clients.
We are a Microsoft accredited company, primarily use the Microsoft technology stack (ASP.NET, C# and SQL Server), Mobile (Unity and Angular) and standard web technologies (HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS).
The role would involve developing new applications and maintaining our existing software. We encourage innovation, welcome new ideas and ways of working and we are continually looking to improve.
Experience:
Ideally you should have 3+ years of commercial software development experience working in a collaborative team using C#, ASP.NET, SQL Server and Visual Studio.
Personal skills:

You have a passion for software programming and development and Internet technology in general
You welcome a challenge and enjoy finding solutions to technical problems
You have excellent interpersonal skills, good communication and a positive attitude
You can work with minimal supervision
You take ownership and have responsibility for your work and any problems you may encounter
You can offer help and support to your colleagues

Essential Technical Skills

You can demonstrate solid working knowledge of C# and have significant experience (5+ years) developing web applications using various versions of .NET and have demonstratable experience with .NET Core, MVC, Web Forms and Web API 2.
You have a deep understanding of web development including HTML, CSS, JavaScript/JQuery
You have a good working knowledge of SQL Server
You are experienced with source control (branching, committing and merging) using Git/Gitlab
You have experience developing enterprise solutions to scale, with the knowledge of security principles.
You have experience working with repository pattern methodology.

Bonus Technical Skills

Experience with Angular/ Typescript
Experience with Azure Cloud services - App services, and SQL PaaS.
Experience working with Entity Framework.Experience with .NET 6/7.

We operate with remote team access and provide a dynamic engaged environment to work in. Liaising with all areas of business from Learning Consultants, Business Analysts, Programmers, Testers and Project Delivery teams.
As a Company we are keen to support the creation of skilled jobs and career progression and ensure our salary compensation is fair and relevant in the industry. Therefore salary level will be dependent on experience.
BENEFITS:

Competitive salary depending on experience
Company Pension Scheme
34 days holidays per year (inclusive of public holidays) plus 12 Happiness Hours per year
Training Agreements/Education reimbursements
Wellness programs
Flexible working hours
Employee Referral Bonus Scheme

Sound interesting? Apply now!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Benefits:

Flexitime

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: Remote
Reference ID: eComEdinSSPFlexitime