OverviewSchool Synergy provides a comprehensive system that redefines communication and information sharing. It is intuitive and packed with modules and features that simplify and improve all aspects of school life. However, it is more than a system. We offer a partnership; delivered by a thoughtful and talented team who each embrace our culture of “Doing the right thing, making a difference”.
As an apprentice developer you'll work within our small software development team, operating at all stages of the software development lifecycle. You'll need a passion for coding, software development and problem solving.
*Vacancy description*Be a part of the team and ‘make a difference’.If you have an inquisitive personality, effective communication skills, a passion for coding along with a desire to make a positive difference to our school communities then we’d like to hear from you.This is an opportunity to join a small, supportive and hard-working team with a start-up ethos. School Synergy provides educational solutions for schools and colleges. Our products include Project Q, a course management tool and School Synergy, a whole school management solution. We have gained an outstanding reputation for revolutionising school systems delivered through unrivalled support. Our mission, to do the right thing and make a difference is placed before profit and permeates through everything we do with pride and integrity.Working within a small team and developing a product covering a wide scope, brings with it an interesting and varied role with the chance to work with, and master, a myriad of technologies and skills. You will learn that good, efficient coding is important but only when equally aligned with effective research, planning, design and testing.This role will offer opportunities for client liaison work which would require effective communication.
*Desired skills*

You have a proven interest in coding through your A Level/College course or online platforms like Code Academy and you’re seeking a Level 4 Software Developer apprenticeship
You can write good quality code with sound syntax
You are calm under pressure, and adopt a reciprocal, flexible approach to a working day
You are able to independently research solutions, quickly identify solution pathways and have the confidence to explore them
You are able to collaborate with others, share ideas and support colleagues with their tasks

It would be beneficial if you have some skills in the following or a genuine desire to become highly skilled in:

HTML / JavaScript and CSS
React
Node JS
.NET
Testing/QA
Agile methodologies

*Personal qualities*

A background in technology through a Computer Science/STEM qualification or similar
A keen interest in programming, demonstrated through own projects, research -often self-taught adhering to good practice and standards
A general interest in technology, how it is used and the effects on society
A great team player, supportive and kind. Strong communication skills
Enjoy going the extra mile
Excellent attention to detail
Flexibility to meet the needs of the business
Get up and go!

*Desired qualifications*Minimum: 7 GCSEs at grades A-C/9-4 (or equivalent) including maths and English LanguageDesirable: 3 A Levels at grades A-C (or equivalent) in any subject but preferably one in a numerical or computing subject (e.g. maths, science, Computer Science etc.)Applications will also be considered from graduates with non-computer science degrees looking for an apprenticeship route to a tech career.Things to considerThis role is office based (Preston Docklands). There will be with some working from home though initially you will be required to attend the office at least three days per week.Salary - £15k - £22k depending on skills and ability.LocationWe advise our employers that apprentices perform better when they are in the office surrounded by more experienced colleagues. The following definitions are used in our job adverts.No remote workThis option will not be shown in jobs list or the job page.You should expect to be in the office 5 days / week.Temporarily remoteA job that’s normally performed in a single location, such as an office or at a job site, but which is temporarily remote during special circumstances (e.g. the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic).Hybrid remoteA job that is performed as a mixture of in-office and remote work in an employee's day to day. You should expect to be in the office 3/4 days / week.Fully remoteA job that can be performed entirely remotely from any location, and doesn’t require any regular travel to an office or job site. You should expect to be in the office 1-2 days / month.By applying you are agreeing to Digital Native retaining your information, sharing this with potential employers and contacting you about apprenticeship opportunities that we feel you could be interested in.Candidates that have read and followed the advice in our CV Guide* are more likely to be successful...*
Job Type: Apprenticeship
Salary: £15,000.00-£22,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
