The Loans Engine have been providing Secured Loans, Bridging Finance & Commercial Mortgages since 1988 and are very proud to be one of the UK’s longest established specialist finance brokers.
We are now looking for a C# and .Net Web Developer to optimise our website and ensure a seamless online experience for our customers.
Please Note: Applicants must be eligible to work in the UK and must be based local to Watford in North London.
Initially you will be required to work from our Watford office. Moving forward working from home may be possible subject to training and development needs of the business.
****Direct applications only, recruitment agencies will not be responded to.****
About the role:
The ideal candidate will be very familiar with:

C# and .Net experience is essential
Working with the latest in website design and development.
Working with all Google products including GA, GTM, Webmaster Tools etc.
SEO and how it relates to website structure and can advise on best practices.
Working on the latest in mobile design techniques and builds as well as desktop.
Setting up and migrating websites across web servers.

Key responsibilities:

Working on optimising the company website.
Building a new fast, responsive website on the latest platforms.
Building fast, responsive PPC landing pages.
Improving website speed.
Working in an organised and efficient manner to meet briefs and deadlines.

Who are we looking for?

Our ideal Web Developer will have extensive development experience.
You will require a minimum of 3-5 years B2C web development experience within a fast-paced working environment. Examples of previous work would be an advantage.
You must also have experience building responsive pages as all builds are responsive as standard.

Skills and Experience:

Visual Studio (Version >= 2015)
C#
Asp.Net MVC / WEB API 2/.Net Core
Zurb Foundation / Bootstrap / similar CSS framework
HTML
JavaScript
JQuery
XML
SQL Server
Umbraco

Benefits Package:

Private medical insurance via BUPA
Pension scheme with 8% company contribution
Life assurance (four times basic salary).
In addition to all recognised public holidays, we offer 25 days paid holiday a year, rising by 1 additional day per 5 years’ service, up to a maximum of 5 additional days (30 days total holiday).
Buying and selling holiday scheme
Company events

Job Type: Full-time, Permanent position
Salary: £40,000 to £50,000 pa subject to experience.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Private medical insurance
Referral programme

Schedule:

Monday to Friday (9am to 6pm)

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £40,000.00-£50,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Bereavement leave
Casual dress
Company pension
Free flu jabs
Free parking
Life insurance
On-site parking
Private medical insurance
Sabbatical
Sick pay

Schedule:

Monday to Friday
No weekends

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Watford: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Watford