QA Automation Engineer 
12-month contract 
Remote working from UK 
Company: 
Since 1996, our client designs, develops, and sells products and services for high-performance networks to enable customers to build scalable, reliable, secure, and cost-effective networks for their businesses, while achieving agility and improved operating efficiency through automation.
Their high-performance network and service offerings include routing, switching, Wi-Fi, network security, artificial intelligence ("AI") or AI-enabled enterprise networking operations ("AIOps"), and software-defined networking ("SDN") technologies.
In addition to our products, they offer their customers a variety of services, including maintenance and support, professional services, Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS"), and education and training programs. Within excess of $4.5bn in annual revenues, they conduct business in more than 150 countries around the world. The most important facets of life are technology, training, development, and fun.
Role: 
As the QA Automation Engineer, you will work in a consultative manner to deliver automation solutions to customers.
Responsibilities: 

Work in a consultative manner to deliver Automation solutions to Customers.
Follow the Professional Services engagement and delivery processes, working closely with the Project Manager.
Working with customers across different zones.
Ability to work independently and remotely with limited supervision.
Excellent written & verbal communication skills.
Ability to handle multiple tasks, prioritize and meet deadlines.
Team Player.

Mandatory skills: 

Robot Framework
Development of test cases, key word


Python development
Able to extend Robot Framework with the use of custom Python functions.
Parsing data structures in XML, JSON ideally with XPATH or JSONPATH, and YAML.


Understanding of REST API concepts (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE etc.)
Git, GitLab CICD and Pipelines.
XML, YAML and JSON
Experience in Agile development.
Experience in CI/CD based
sw development.
Experience of using Jira or similar tool to create the work breakdown and track the delivery.
Testing - Unit, Functional and Non functional testing, Integration testing.

Nice to have: 

Familiarity with concepts of BDD.
Docker
Kubernetes
Kafka
Cisco IOS
OpenConfig
GNMI
Network Experience and knowledge of protocols e.g. BGP
Selenium /ChromeDriver Automation

Job Type: Fixed term contractContract length: 12 months
Salary: £300.00-£600.00 per day
Benefits:

Canteen
Company events
Cycle to work scheme
Wellness programme
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote