About BigSis
BigSis (http://bigsis.tech), a UK start-up, is applying robotics and artificial intelligence to transform the production of sterile male insects, which are used for chemical-free control of pest insects. BigSis has developed a pilot automated production line and is now focused on scaling this from thousands to millions of insects per week in preparation for the 2023 crop growing season.
Purpose and responsibilities
The Mechatronic Engineer will join a small but fast-growing team and make an important contribution to the development of BigSis automated production systems. Whether taking the lead on a specific component, contributing to a larger project or troubleshooting an existing system, the work will be varied and provide significant scope for personal growth.
This challenging hands-on role combines designing unique components – principally the means for handling and processing individual insect containers – and integrating them mechanically and electronically with the rest of the processing module.
Given the time pressures of a start-up, the chosen person must be able to deliver ‘good enough’ operational solutions as a priority and then work to refine the system.
Qualifications and experience
Essential - for entry level role

2:1 degree in a relevant engineering discipline
Hands-on experience designing and implementing functional mechanisms and electronic controls using rapid prototyping
Solution orientated with an ability to think outside the box

Desirable experience

At least 3 years’ in a relevant commercial or consulting role
General understanding and hands on experience with workshop equipment
Completed projects using rapid prototyping technologies such as 3D printing
Design of low power automated systems and/or equipment, e.g. animatronics, vending machines or kitchen appliances
Python/C++ coding and previous use of microcontrollers/IDEs, e.g. Raspberry Pi
Project management skills or certification
Design and assembly of electronic circuits, electrical panels and/or PCBs
Experience working with stepper motors, servo motors, automatic material handling systems
Work in an environment with hygiene and/or regulatory requirements, such as the food, cosmetics or medical sectors
Competent with SolidWorks software

Personal attributes
To thrive in the unstructured and fast-changing environment of a start-up, important personal qualities are:

energy, ambition and commitment to ensure the job gets done
honesty, integrity and openness to ensure we build a great company culture
flexibility to changes in priorities and adaptability to new ideas

You need to be comfortable working with live insects, including spending time in the hot and humid insect storage/growth area. Insects and their growth cells are very small, so you need good fine work skills.
Application process
We regret that we cannot accept applications from individuals who do not already have the right to work in the UK.
To be considered for this role, please send a CV and cover letter explaining why you think you are the right person for this job. Please include information about your education, work experience and current salary.
BigSis is an equal opportunities employer. Applicants will be considered without attention to age, sex, race, disability, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender reassignment and religious background.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £25,000.00-£40,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Reading, RG30 1DZ: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Education:

Bachelor's (required)

Experience:

CAD/3D printing: 1 year (preferred)
CAM/CNC: 1 year (preferred)
Microelectronics/embedded controller: 1 year (preferred)
PCB/circuit design: 1 year (preferred)
mechatronics design: 2 years (preferred)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)
