Euro Auctions is a world leading auctioneer of industrial, plant, construction & agricultural equipment. With sites in UK, Germany, Spain, Australia, USA and Abu Dhabi, Euro Auctions conducts 50+ auctions selling thousands of Lots every year.
Euro Auctions are seeking an enthusiastic and ambitious Graduate Web Developer.
The successful applicant will be working in unison with the wider IT department so there is huge potential to broaden their experience and learn from highly experienced individuals.
The Job

The role will include coding web page templates in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript and then integrating those into WordPress/Umbraco.
Continually enhancing the end user experience and introducing new features as required.
Integrating applications with web interfaces.

The Person
This is a unique opportunity for a bright, ambitious, and hardworking individual.
The Requirements

Proficient in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript.
Good working knowledge of PHP/MySQL.
Experience with WordPress/Umbraco.
Ability to build very fast loading websites.
Good understanding of interaction design, with a passion for usability and accessibility.
Good understanding of SEO principles, Google Analytics, Event & Conversion Tracking.
Ability to output clean, commented, and well-structured code.
A passion for the web and an eagerness to learn.
Superb written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent organisational skills.
An ability to work autonomously and manage your workload and deadlines effectively.
A readiness to embrace and use new approaches and to keep up-to-date with industry advances.

Desirable

Experience with SVN version control.
Server and web hosting experience.
Knowledge of .NET / MS SQL / Vue Js / Node Js / Tailwind technologies.
Experience parsing and processing CSV data.
Experience creating JSON data feed.
Experience consuming API data from 3rd party external data feeds.

For the right candidate Euro Auctions offers

Competitive Salary
Unique training
Exposure to International and Global Markets

This is a fantastic opportunity for an individual to gain diverse experience within a truly international company.
If you think you have what it takes to make it at Euro Auctions please upload your CV, in English.
Apply early as this posting will close as soon as a competitive candidate pool is identified. Preference will be given to direct applications.
Euro Auctions thank all applicants in advance; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.
Euro Auctions is an Equal Opportunities Employer.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Benefits:

Company events
Free parking
On-site parking

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Omagh, BT78 3AJ: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Application question(s):

Are you located in Northern Ireland?

Licence/Certification:

Driving Licence (required)

Work Location: In person