Software Design Engineer
Beccles, Suffolk
Full time, Permanent
Monday – Friday Days
Salary: £30,000 - £40,000
25 days hol + BH
Our client provides cutting edge automated solutions to global markets, spanning a variety of industry sectors, including Medical/Ocular and Pharmaceutical. With over 40 years’ experience in providing bespoke turnkey automation, ranging from stand-alone machines to fully integrated high throughput cells. They pride themselves on being able to offer customers the complete in-house solution - from design to delivery.
Due to continued growth they are currently seeking a Software Design Engineer to join their growing and ambitious team in Beccles Suffolk.
The successful candidate will contribute to the growth and success of the business through the development of innovative controls-based solutions ensuring that the company retains its highly regarded market leading position within the industry.
Responsibilities

Proactively collaborate as part of the wider design department to scope befitting technical solutions for projects. This would include hardware specification such as safety devices, communication architectures/protocols etc, where product selection would have direct implications on the software solution.
Apply commercial awareness when determining solutions suitable to the price point of the project.
Write and test code for large scale projects (Motion, Robotics, Integrating 3rd Party Equipment, PLC, HMI)
Author (internal/external) design philosophy documents to support the intended functions of the automated equipment.
Ensuring all software is written, documented, and controlled in accordance with company procedures and processes.
Ensure that the solutions determined adhere to all relevant Codes of Practice, Company and Industry Standards.
Maintain an awareness of existing and emerging technologies to ensure the company remain at the forefront of the industry.
Develop and maintain code libraries and standardised practices to deliver commonality and reduce commissioning timelines.
Review customer project documentation to fully understand project requirements.
Participate in customer meetings of either existing or potential projects.
Participate in internal design reviews on existing or potential projects.
Collaborate with other Mechanical and Electrical teams and community members.
Develop handover documentation for the commissioning team and assist with fault finding.

Requirements

Degree in relevant engineering discipline or equivalent recognised qualifications.
Ability to follow electrical and pneumatic schematic diagrams and drawings.
Comprehensive knowledge of diagnostics, test and repair of electronic/electrical and mechanical systems.
Thorough knowledge of safety procedures and applicable regulations and guidelines.
Programming experience of PLC’s/HMIs. Primarily Rockwell’s suite of automation software, but knowledge of Mitsubishi, Siemens, B&R, and Codesys would be advantageous.
Knowledge of script-based programming would be an advantage.
In depth knowledge of Motion Control and 6 Axis Robot systems.
Experience with robotics, AI and machine learning.
Ability to troubleshoot equipment and perform complex system tests.
A desire to continually upgrade technical knowledge
Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving ability.
Strong leadership and problem-solving skills.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail

INDALX1
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £30,000.00-£40,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company car
Company pension

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Performance bonus

Experience:

Software Design Engineering: 2 years (preferred)

Work Location: In person
Reference ID: SOFTDESBECC