Digital Delivery Developer
Digital & Information
Swindon, Newport, or Billingham – flexible and remote working options
Band D: £30,283 - £39,265 DOE
Here at UK SBS we are proud to deliver high quality corporate services where we provide HR, payroll, finance, IT and procurement services and expertise to our public sector partners.
Our staff are very important to us and we always try to go the extra mile to look after them. We can offer flexible and family friendly working arrangements, great benefits including generous annual leave, supportive and inclusive work environments, and opportunities to learn and grow your career with us.
The Digital Delivery Developer is accountable for the delivery, quality, and administration of digital & automation services and products across UK SBS – these include (but are not limited to):

Oracle Intelligent Advisor (OIA) Digital & Automated Forms
Microsoft & Azure products (Chatbot, Power Automate, Power Apps)

The role requires detailed technical and developer knowledge to ensure delivery and support of automation solutions to internal and external customer groups; and provide continuous improvement of the services and products. The scope of the role will change as the team develops
You will be accountable for the design, delivery, quality, improvement, and support of digital and automation services and will work to maintain a suite of documentation around the services which include policies, Standard Operating Procedures, processes, technical specifications and service design packages.
To do this role well you will need:

Knowledge and experience of continuous improvement and security protocols when developing automation technologies
Proven track record of delivering technical products/solutions in a support or delivery environment
Understanding of development Languages (C, C++. Java and Python etc.) and willingness to further your knowledge and experience
Able to demonstrate one or more of the following areas:

- Writing simple code and/or logic statements.- Building and testing logic statements- Identifying and fixing issues/ faults following agreed procedures- Documentation of work using required standards, methods, and tools.
In return for your skills and experience, we can offer you flexible and remote working options for a 37hr week with start and finish times between 8am – 5pm. Our team usually work from home and come into the office once or twice a week, but we are flexible on this too. If it helps, there is even flexibility on which office you base yourself from - Swindon, Newport or Billingham.
For additional information and a confidential discussion please contact recruiting@uksbs.co.uk
We are an inclusive and Disability Confident employer and welcome all applications.
Closing date for applications is midnight on 8th May 2023. Interviews are scheduled for week commencing 15th May 2023.
Only online applications are accepted in the form of an up-to-date CV. If you are unable to apply online or do not wish to create an account but would still like to apply for a specific role, please contact our Recruitment Team at recruiting@uksbs.co.uk.
We look forward to hearing from you. Please apply by clicking the apply button.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £30,283.00-£39,265.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: In person
Reference ID: 230000D4