
Senior Python Software Developer (Quant Mathematics) *Hybrid WFH / London* to £250k
 
Fantastic opportunity for an exceptional Senior Python Software Developer with a natural talent for mathematics to join a leading proprietary trading firm with global reach. You will join a unique culture, working alongside some of the brightest minds in the industry who specialise in everything from trading and technology to quantitative research.
 
Benefits:

 Up to £250k plus 100% bonus (for the perfect candidate the company will pay up to £300k)
 Hybrid working model allowing you to work remotely 2 days a week
 Fantastic career progression and development opportunities
 Long service leave
 Catered lunches
 Workout sessions, yoga & Pilates classes, and in-house massages
 Company trips abroad and amazing events

 
Your Role:
 As a Senior Python Software Developer, you will be joining an experienced team where you will be in close collaboration with traders and researchers working on trading signals and portfolio optimisation; productionising and refining trading models, building post-trade analysis tooling, and designing and building data pipelines. Your contribution to the team will have a huge impact to the company's future success, and you will be encouraged to bring new ideas and perspective whilst contributing to areas beyond your immediate responsibilities.
 
Office & WFH Policy:
 Based in London (expanding from one of Australia's most exciting and competitive trading firms) you will be joining a friendly team where you can enjoy a comprehensive benefits package and receive continuous support to help you progress in your career. You can work remotely up to two days a week for this position.
 
Requirements:

 You are educated to PhD or Masters level from a highly reputable University (likely top 20 or Russell group) in Mathematics or Computer Science
 You have exceptional mathematical skills and a pragmatic approach to problem solving
 You have a solid technical background, having used Python extensively
 You have experience using NumPy and Pandas
 You have worked within a Trading environment
 You have exceptional communication and collaboration skills

 
As a Senior Python Software Developer, you can expect to earn a competitive salary (up to £200k - £300k) plus a bonus (up to 100%) and benefits.
 
Apply today or call to have a confidential discussion about this Senior Python Software Developer (Mathematics) role.
 
At Client Server we believe in a diverse workplace that allows people to play to their strengths and continually learn. We're an equal opportunities employer whose people come from all walks of life and will never discriminate based on race, colour, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The clients we work with share our values.
