Gift Republic is a multi award winning product Design Company that specialises in supplying unique product ideas to top retailers around the world including Selfridges, Amazon, Urban Outfitters, ASOS, Barnes and Noble to name a few. We are looking for an enthusiastic person with a keen interest in Product Development to join our team. This is a varied role perfect for someone who loves to work in a dynamic team within the Gift Industry and loves to take a design conception to final finished product.
The Role: Reporting to Product Development Manager.

Managing your workflow effectively, ensuring all deadlines are met
Assisting with multiple product development projects
Helping to maintain strong relationships with our existing suppliers both abroad and in the UK
Aiding in producing detailed product specifications and briefing them to factories
Ensuring that all quality standards are met
Constantly looking for ways to save costs
Working closely with design, sales and operations
Arranging product samples in a timely manner
Assist shipments from suppliers to the Gift Republic warehouse
Performing competitor and market analysis

Skill Level:

Have at least 1 years’ experience in dealing with buying
Show an interest in the Gifting industry and have a basic knowledge of the high street and latest trends
Good negotiation skills
Excellent communication skills
Highly motivated to develop our product ideas into reality
Efficient and fast working
Confident in Microsoft office programmes especially excel and word.
Able to work to tight time lines and proactively chasing suppliers to get things done
Excellent interpersonal and organisational skills

This is a great opportunity to join a highly successful brand, and we are looking for someone who is a good team fit and willing to go the extra mile.
We are based in South Wimbledon.
Office hours are
9am - 5.30pm Monday to Thursday.
9am to 5.00pm Friday
Some foreign travel may potentially be required.
.
Salary: £23,000 - £28,000
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £23,000.00-£28,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Employee discount
Free parking
On-site parking

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application question(s):

Do you have at least one years experience in a relative role?

Work Location: Hybrid remote in LONDON