
Digital Innovation (HNCDI) Business Lead
 Salary: Band F £50,702 to £56,336 gross per annum (dependent on skills & experience)
 Contract Type: Open-Ended
 Location: Science and Technology Facilities Council, Daresbury Laboratory, Warrington
 Hours: Full-Time (We understand the importance of work-life balance, and are happy to discuss the possibility of flexible working with applicants)
 
Together, our scientist, technologists, engineers and business support team explore the unknown and turn what they find into work that changes the world around us. Whether it's sending probes into space or finding new ways to treat cancer, everyone here plays a vital role in making a positive difference to society. 
Come and discover how much you can achieve when you're surrounded by world-leading experts, encouraged to constantly learn and empowered to explore your curiosity.
 We currently have an opportunity for an experienced professional to join us as a Hartree Centre for Digital Innovation (HNCDI) Business lead. Within this role, you will be responsible for developing and converting a pipeline of opportunities for STFC Hartree's flagship applied research and innovation programme - Hartree National Centre for Digital Innovation (HNCDI). HNCDI is a £200M collaborative programme with IBM that enables businesses to acquire the skills, knowledge and technical capability required to explore and adopt digital technologies like supercomputing, data analytics, artificial intelligence (AI) and quantum computing.
 You will be tasked in developing, growing and converting the pipeline of business activity in HNCDI into collaborative projects with industry and the public sector, at all times encouraging activity that maximises impact. For this, it will be crucial that you quickly acquire a detailed understanding of the capabilities and facilities available within both the HNCDI Programme and the wider Hartree Centre and work closely with our technical teams to scope projects, write and present persuasive proposal. You will be expected to identify and develop software adoption and consumption models and to negotiate licensing agreements.
 Specific responsibilities include:

 Identifying organisations to participate in the HNCDI Programme across our training, projects and technology adoption remit.
 Lead on the development and delivery of HNCDI Sector Development Calls
 Assess the commercial viability and develop adoption and consumption models for software/solutions developed in the HNCDI Programme
 Be the business lead in the negotiation of contracts with external organisations relating to the HNCDI programme.
 Liaise internally with STFC's Innovations team and HNCDI's technical teams to ensure work stream outputs can be developed, adopted and consumed by external organisations
 Promote the use of HNCDI outputs into the wider Hartree environment
 Provide relationship management of the HNCDI regional hubs

 The successful candidate will operate at all levels of target client organisations; collaborating up to Board level and representing all the key science and technology capabilities contained within the Hartree Centre including; life science, engineering, materials science, chemistry, environment, energy, government, health, data science, artificial intelligence and quantum computing application development. Previous experience in one or more of these areas would therefore be a distinct advantage.
 You will need:

 Educated to Degree level or equivalent proven experience.
 Strong technical sales/business development background with demonstrable evidence of creating value-based propositions.
 Experience in a technical research or scientific business development environment.
 Self-starter who is strategically minded, pro-active and with a determination to succeed
 Strong influencing and interpersonal skills, including interacting with Scientists and Technologists Significant experience in the negotiation of complex contracts
 A track record in growing and managing a pipeline of business
 Credibility with C-level and Director level audiences
 Highly developed interpersonal and networking skills
 Excellent communication (oral and written) and presentation skills; with the ability to present value propositions to customers, collaborators, or investors
 Ability to understand the benefits to industry from the application of high-performance computing, data science and AI

 We ask some of the biggest questions in the universe, to answer some of the biggest challenges in the world. Whatever our role, we have the freedom to explore, learn and connect, as part of a community that loves to share knowledge and support one another. 
As one of Europe's largest research organisations, this is a place where there's always something new to learn - about the world around us, about your career, but most of all, about yourself. Join us and discover what's possible. 
STFC values their employees by offering a benefits package designed to provide an excellent work/life balance. This includes 30 days' annual leave, 10.5 public and privilege holidays, flexible working hours, a workplace nursery, exceptional average salary pension scheme, social and sporting activities and societies and a subsidised restaurant.
 To find out more about this role and information on how to apply click here
 Applicants who are unable to apply online should contact us by telephone on 07710 115815.
 The closing date for applications 28th May 2023
