
Requisition ID: R10083101

Category: Information Technology 
Location: Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, UK 
Citizenship Required: United Kingdom Citizenship 
Clearance Type: Highest Level of Government Clearance 
Telecommute: No- Teleworking not available for this position 
Travel Required: No 
Positions Available: 1 



  At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.
   Your Opportunity to Define Possible. Our Opportunity to Deliver the Nation’s Security. Together.

 Salary: £31,000 - £44,000

 Role clearance type: UK-Developed Vetting (DV). Clearance required to start

 Location: Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, United Kingdom.

 About Your Opportunity: 

Work on large and complex programmes with wide ranging technologies that tackle some of the biggest national security challenges.

 Our involvement with all engineering disciplines throughout the SDLC, places us in a unique position to support the continued sustainment and development of our sovereign defence capability.

 We are looking to recruit candidates with a passion for quality, mentoring and community building. You will be joining highly Agile, multi-disciplinary teams working in DevOps practices and tools to deliver high-quality software. You’ll be hands-on in aiding and implementing test strategies with a strong understanding of the Modern Testing Principles.

 Your Benefits:

 Flexible working schedules - we offer flexible and hybrid working arrangements. Talk to us at the application stage about any scheduling preferences you may have.
 Flexible Benefits Package – choose which NGUKL benefits you want to satisfy your personal needs. Core Benefits provided for you are Healthcare, Dental, Life Assurance and Pension. Benefits you can flex include Critical Illness Cover, Health Cash Plan, and Health Assessments.
 Employee Incentive Programme – exceptional performance is recognized through our annual incentive programme which is awarded to top performers who excel
 Career Development – opportunity for ongoing professional development and career growth opportunities


 Your Responsibilities: 

You will work in multiple environments as part of a collaborative and multi-functional team
 Deliver test capability to support mission critical solutions
 Identify gaps and opportunity to improve test capability to ensure coverage efficiency
 Identify testing solutions to reduce software time-to-market
 Assist with the identification of new tools and methodologies to be utilised for testing


 Your Experience:

 Knowledge of the SDLC, Agile principles and ways of working, Dev-ops principles, tools and techniques
 Experience and proven track record for delivering quality test solutions in a fast-paced dynamic Engineering environment
 Excellent problem-solving, interpersonal, analytical, planning and written/verbal communication skills and an aptitude to learn new technologies quickly
 Self-motivated and able to inspire others in test best practice, focused on Quality outcomes
 Knowledge and good understanding of automated test tools and frameworks


 Your Future Team:

 “My purpose; to lead, coach and mentor the application of Test & Acceptance as a function, to champion best practice and strategise how to best employ Test & Acceptance to ensure we build the right product and we built it correctly.”

 Chris Dicks, Head of V&V @ Northrop Grumman UK

 We are a forward thinking, innovative and growing test community, adding value and quality to software. Our organisation supports new experiences and access to opportunities within NG as a global security provider. We are proud of our quality of work.

 We believe that creating a team that values diversity and fosters inclusion is essential to great performance. We know the best ideas come from diversity of thought, background, perspective, culture, gender, race, age and many other elements. We welcome candidates from all backgrounds and particularly from communities currently under-represented within our industry. We treat everyone with respect and foster safe and inclusive environments.

 About Our Responsibilities: 

Our customers operate in unique environments which offer new and exciting challenges every day, cultivating a place where you can learn and thrive, working alongside the best minds in industry. We’ll give you space to develop your career, where your ideas can shape the future of our dynamic business.

 We promote collaboration to achieve more than we could imagine, together. And within a respectful and inspirational environment, we value what you say and do.

 How to Apply:

 Interested in our opportunity? 

Yes – then simply submit your application online. Your application will be reviewed by one of our expert recruiters who’ll then respond advising you of the outcome and next steps for successful candidates.

 Possibly, I’d like to find out more – then connect direct with talentenquiries@uk.ngc.com, our recruitment business partner who will be happy to support you with any enquires.

 Background checks and potentially security clearance form part of the recruitment process, our team will inform you of the procedures when required.

 Northrop Grumman UK:

 Work with a global brand that makes a real contribution to our nation’s security and future. At Northrop Grumman UK, the brightest minds come together to push the boundaries and Define Possible. As leaders in the digital transformation of Aerospace, Defence and Intelligence we are providing ground-breaking outcomes for our customers.

 UK Cyber & Intelligence Business:

 Our UK Cyber & Intelligence business combines modern software development approaches with a rich heritage and experience in the defence and security sectors. Our customers have complex and sensitive data and information requirements requiring a mission partner who quickly understands the context, delivering and sustaining a portfolio of challenging technology projects at scale and pace, supporting them through an ambitious digital transformation programme.

 Find out more: https://www.northropgrumman.com/careers/job-search-united-kingdom/ "
  




  Northrop Grumman is committed to equality and diversity in our workplace. Northrop Grumman provides equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to an individual's protected status, including race/ethnic origin, color, nationality, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, gender identity/expression, gender reassignment, sexual orientation, marriage/civil partnership, pregnancy/maternity, religion or belief, creed, age, disability, genetic information, or any other protected status or characteristic.
 

