Graduate/Trainee/Placement Service Desk Engineer
Company: IT Support Services Provider
Role: Service Desk Engineer as a Placement Student/Trainee/Graduate
Location: Cambridge, Cambridgeshire
Salary: Placement - £17-19K, Graduate & Trainee - £20-24k
Start Date: ASAP/Flexible
Do you have some experience working in IT support but feel your full potential is unrealised or have a passion for IT and want to pursue a new career? Do you have a keen interest in a career in IT and a strong affinity to problem solving and helping people? If the answer to these questions is yes, then we would like to hear from you! In this job you will be trained to deal with all levels of IT issues, ensuring your working day is varied and interesting. You will be constantly upskilling your technical ability whilst supporting fantastic businesses who are doing amazing things.
Who is the company?
● Our client is an MSP based in Cambridge who support clients with outsourced IT around the UK and abroad.
● Our client’s provide bespoke onsite & remote support to exciting, high growth and ground-breaking SMEs in sectors including biotechnology, life sciences and finance.
● Our client has a focus on long-term relationships that stay true to our core values of Clarity, Partnership and Quality.
● Our client continues to grow, and are actively looking for talented people to help them achieve their ambitious growth targets over the next 3 years.
What is the role?
● Working as part of a busy Service Desk team providing first line IT support by email, telephone or in person.
● Undertaking varied and interesting project workfor clients, giving you opportunities to extend your skills and work with other team members in the business.
● Diagnosing and troubleshooting IT Issues through discussions and remote sessions with end users.
● Managing security tasks such as backups for client data, password resets, site permissions etc.
● Monitoring client servers for anomalous behaviour, and adverse client impact, taking ownership of issues when required.
● Identifying and applying appropriate testing methodologies to hardware and software for further analysis of existing problems.
● Installing and configuring a range of hardware and software, both physically and remotely.
Why should you apply?
● You will receive 25 days holiday plus Bank Holidays, increasing by one day every 2 years you work with them.
● Company mobile phone after completing a probationary period.
● Our client is committed to your personal career growth, and they will provide you with training opportunities to further your technical skills and progress within the business.
● You will be part of their profit share scheme and be able to join their BUPA health insurance and enhanced pension scheme.
● Our client is situated only a short walk from Cambridge North train station and local bus routes and offer free onsite parking.
● Referral bonus of £1,000 if your successfully refer a candidate.
● Our client encourages their employees to socialise outside of work and organise social events and gaming nights throughout the year such as the Cambridge Lockhouse, Go Karting, Crystal Maze, bowling, BBQ’s and dinners.
● 10 days sick pay.
● Out of hours work paid at 1.5x normal rate.
Who is best suited to this role?
● You have a passion for technology and for learning; you do not need to develop software, but you do need to have a basic understanding of how to administer IT and an appreciation for different user challenges.
● Experience working within an IT helpdesk environment is beneficial.
● You can provide good customer service; you must be patient, friendly and confident in your communication.
● You have a willingness to learn and develop your IT skills.
● You have effective problem-solving skills with the ability to see the challenge through from identification to resolution.
Click hereto apply now!
It only takes 30 seconds to register your interest in these roles, and we’ll support you throughout the full application process. Our service and support is free!
Job Types: Full-time, Graduate, Internship
Salary: £17,000.00-£24,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company events
Company pension
Flexitime
Free parking
On-site parking
Referral programme
Sick pay
Wellness programme
Work from home

Schedule:

Day shift
Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Cambridge: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: In personFlexitime