
.NET Developer - Global Sports Company - Liverpool
 (Tech stack: .NET Developer, .NET 7, C#, Blazor, Azure, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Agile, Programmer, Full Stack Engineer, Architect, .NET Developer)
 Our client is a global sports brand that operates in over 115 countries worldwide. They are the biggest sports company in Europe and the second largest on the planet! Over the past 30 years they have been providing high performance athletes with the tools they need to remain at their peak.
 They are looking to branch out and take a foothold in the sports science arena. In particular, they are looking to move into the field of high performance data analytics. They are aiming to help athletes utilize the latest sport science technology to analyze their performance and help them raise their game. They have recently signed ground breaking sponsorship deals with several high profile sports teams and national athletics squads.
 As a result of this there are a number of Greenfield software development projects that require talented .NET Developer to build software that will help athletes run faster, jump higher and push themselves closer to their limits than they've ever been before. We are looking for .NET Developer that can hit the ground running and be instrumental in the creation of stylish and innovative new web applications and data analytics software. Every possible resource will be at your disposal to help you achieve this.
 We are looking for .NET Developer that have a strong background in .NET, .NET Core / ASP.NET MVC, C# and SQL Server. Training will be provided into: .NET 7, Blazor, EF Core, Azure, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Agile, TDD, BDD, SQL Azure and SQL Server 2022.
 All positions come with the following benefits:

15% bonus
Generous pension
Private healthcare
Training allowance of £9,700 per year
Free lunch
Free gym membership
Flexible working hours
27 days holiday (Bank Holidays not included)

This is an opportunity for you to make a technical contribution to a possible gold medal or even champions league title!
 Location: LIverpool, UK / Remote Working
 Salary: £45,000 - £75,000 + Bonus + Pension + Benefits
 Noir continues to be the leading Microsoft recruitment agency; we can help you make the right career decisions!
 NOIRUKNETREC NOIRUKREC
