General Information:
Job Title: Laravel PHP DeveloperLocation: Redhill, Surrey/HybridSalary: £30,000-£40,000 (Depending on experience)
We are seeking an experienced Laravel PHP Developer to join our team. The successful candidate will have a strong background in developing applications using the LAMP stack, with solid experience in PHP, Git/GitHub, JavaScript, CSS/SASS, and MySQL 5/8. The ability to liaise with clients, be organised and mentor new/junior members of the team is essential.
We are a small company which offers a great opportunity for employees who value a tight-knit team, growth opportunities, and flexibility.
Key Responsibilities:

Develop and maintain Laravel-based web applications.
Work with clients to understand their needs and requirements.
Mentor new/junior members of the team.
Collaborate with other developers and stakeholders to build robust and scalable applications.
Write clean and efficient code that adheres to coding standards.
Troubleshoot and debug issues that arise in the development process.
Stay up-to-date with new technologies and best practices in web development.
To assist with the maintenance of legacy code and systems.

Key Skills:

A positive attitude and the ability to work effectively as part of a team.
Ability to prioritise and work on various projects to meet business needs.
Ability to deliver projects in a timely manner and of an appropriate quality.
Experience in providing excellent customer service and be able to build rapport with clients.

Preferred Technical Knowledge:

LAMP stack
PHP 8
Git/GitHub
JavaScript
CSS/SASS
MySQL 5/8
Tailwind
Vue

Beneficial Technical Skills:

Livewire
Linux Plesk Servers
Bootstrap
Docker
Laravel Nova
Alpine.js
Microsoft SQL Server
Microsoft Dynamics CRM
AWS
WebSockets.
Knowledge of multi-tenancy systems
REST API’s
SOAP API's

Qualifications and Experience:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field.
Proven experience in developing Laravel-based web applications.
Experience with Agile development methodologies.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.

Company Overview
Jarrett & Lam provide outsourced IT support, maintenance, web development and online marketing service to businesses of various sizes and across a wide range of industries, (both nationally and internationally).
As a small team we cover a range of disciplines from web and systems development, IT support, maintenance & networking through to graphic design. Each service is individually tailored for each customer.
We are looking for someone to work both with the team on both internal systems and with clients to ensure their systems and requirements are well managed.

Benefits:
· NEST Pension contributions.
· Death in service insurance.
· Health benefits package.
· Staff discount scheme.
· 25 days holiday + bank holidays.
· Option to work from home.

We are still primarily home based for the majority of the time; but, are expected to attend meetings or work from our Redhill office as and when required.
If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to ask.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £30,000.00-£40,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company pension
Employee discount
Free parking
On-site parking
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme
Performance bonus

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Redhill: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Redhill
Reference ID: JLC/LPHPD/042023