We're looking for several competent and experienced all-round developers, mid-senior level, specialising in PHP and the LAMP stack to join our in-house dev team, working on our bespoke software system.
You'll be required to work on our home-grown internal business management system, furthering the development of this and introducing new functionality to support our fast-growing business. Working with our existing team, you'll help us to deliver creative solutions throughout our warehouse and distribution channels and our nationwide network of showrooms.
A good understanding of SQL database design, optimisation and reporting will be advantageous, as well as an active interest in emerging technologies. A good understanding of front-end technologies is also important as the successful candidate will be working on the full application stack, although will be a part of a team with mixed a skillset.
Trading as Easy Bathrooms, we're the largest independent bathroom retailer in the UK, with over 130 stores around the country. Our highly impressive brand-new 330,000sq ft Head Office and distribution centre is based in Wakefield, West Yorkshire (just off Jct. 39 of the M1) and has and beautiful office space and unmatched views of the local nature reserve.
As a super-fast growing and dynamic company our needs are constantly changing, meaning that this is a great opportunity to get stuck in to a project where you can see the value of your work on a daily basis rather than the daily grind and politics of Agency life!
Full-time, Permanent, Office-based
Pay negotiable based on experience: £45,000 - £75,000 per year
Please note: this is an office-based role and we are not looking for remote working. Due to the number of applications you may not get a response if you're considered to be outside of a reasonable commuting distance and don't include further information as to your willingnness to relocate etc.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £45,000.00-£75,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Employee discount
On-site parking

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: In person