
Would you like to function as our go-to for ServiceNow development subject-matter expertise?
 Does the idea of advocacy and championing of ServiceNow appeal?


 Join our Business Systems Team
 They're responsible for the design, delivery, and management of key business applications, working with vendors, partners, and internal stakeholders.


 Success. The Softcat Way.
 Softcat is one of the UK's leading technology solutions businesses. Thanks to the success and growth of our services, we offer an increasingly broad range of tech careers. There could be a bright future for you if you're interested in software, networking, analytics, or cyber security.


 Does the opportunity to directly affect how we leverage the use of ServiceNow across the business excite you?
 As a ServiceNow Developer you will join our Business Systems Team as we look to take our existing practices, solutions, and use of technology to the next level. We're expanding our ServiceNow development team to support our growing use of the "Platform of Platforms" and are looking for a ServiceNow developer to support both our internal functions and our Managed Services offering. You'll be driving the design and configuration of ITSM, CSM, ITOM, and Agile team products within the Now Platform.
 Softcat are embarking on a multi-phase multi-year investment in the platform in which a passionate individual will be able to apply their existing knowledge, as well as explore and utilise new features.


 Other responsibilities:

Supporting the BAU operation of multiple Now platforms, working with our Helpdesk to shift-left responsibilities.
Work closely with business analysts, project managers, and the product owner to fulfil business requirements.
Proactively identify platform improvements, working with subject matter experts (SMEs) to generate return on investment.
Troubleshooting and diagnosing ServiceNow issues, uncovering emerging issues and/or needs and identifying potential causes, related issues, and barriers.
Participating in process flow analysis and process redesign, digitising exiting processes into the Now Platform
Ensuring that all development aligns with High Level Designs / Business Requirements



 What we need from you

Proven experience as a key technical resource, leading development solutions
Experience with web technologies and platform integration methods (Hub & Spoke methodology)
Strong understanding of ServiceNow's Common Service Data Model (CSDM)
Demonstrable track record using Service Portal, CSS, and HTML
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator accreditation required, and having CIS-CSM / CIS-ITSM, ITIL v4 Foundation is advantageous
Working in a Domain Separated Platform and knowledge of Channel / VAR industry would be preferable



 Work in a way that works for you
 We recognise that everyone is different and that the way in which people want to work and deliver at their best is different for everyone too. In this role, we can offer the following flexible working patterns:

Hybrid working – three days in the office and two days working from home
Working flexible hours - flexing the times you start and finish during the day
Flexibility around school pick up and drop offs



 Working with us
 Wherever you work, we want you to experience the freedom and autonomy to realise your potential. You will feel supported by a team that celebrates individuality, encourages different perspectives, and embraces every background.
 Join us
 To become part of the success story, please apply now
 As part of our commitment to supporting, attracting and retaining the best diverse talent, Softcat is proud to partner with organisations like WORK180, My G Work and Black Young Professionals. Work 180 endorse employers that demonstrate on-going support for women at work, including offering benefits and policies that best support female employees. My G Work support us in our aim of attracting more LGBTQ+ talent. The BYP network support us in diversifying our talent pool by tapping into the black professional community.

