Pentangle Technology are looking for a junior to mid-level PHP developer to join our growing team. We’re looking for someone who can work independently on smaller projects and as part of a team on larger ones.
Required skills:

Experience building apps using Laravel/Tailwind
The Ability to write good clean HTML.
Be able to build simple JS interactions.

Desirable:

Some experience with extending Wordpress
Have a working knowledge of Laravel
Knowledge of Git workflows
Understand or have implemented TDD

What we do
We build Laravel apps and Statmic/WordPress websites to help our customers run their businesses in ever more efficient ways.
We also build our own suite of apps including a Volunteer management system (used for one of the biggest sporting events in the UK), a SASS for the self storage industry and a few others that are bubbling under the surface desperate for you to come and sprinkle some magic on.
Whilst your primary job role would be focusing on building and maintaining apps occasionally we might ask you to help with a Wordpress plugin build or perhaps attend a client fact finding workshop. We like our staff to have involvement across the whole business.
Who we are
Our team are excited by the possibilities of technology across all kinds of platforms (not just web) and how we can apply them to our customers and products.
We also get excited about films, music, board games, motorsport, documentaries and the latest series on Netflix (there is certainly some level of healthy disagreement between team members on these!)
After work we love a good quiz night, escape room or perhaps a trip to the cinema but we don’t do enforced corporate fun.
We’re flexible about how, when and where you work as long as the job gets done and our customers stay happy. We want you to keep learning and grow so budget is available for conferences and training.
Our offices are in Thame in Oxfordshire and once you’re up to speed remote working options are available.
What we offer

Flexible working opportunities such as working around school pickups or part time
Remote working
A competitive salary
20 days holiday plus bank holidays
Learning and conference budget
Regular days/evenings out
A relaxed work environment

Despite our list of wants if this sounds like the opportunity for you but you are missing out on a few bits please apply. We are looking for an individual who fits our team with “some” experience, the details matter far less than the person!
PLEASE NO RECRUITERS!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £25,000.00-£35,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Cycle to work scheme
Flexitime
Private medical insurance
Work from home

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Thame: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred)

Experience:

PHP: 2 years (required)

Work Location: In person
Application deadline: 18/04/2023Flexitime