
Software Engineer / Developer (Python R) London / WFH to £110k 
Are you a data savvy Software Engineer / Developer with strong Python or R skills looking for an opportunity to progress your career, working closely with traders on complex trading strategies with huge earning potential?
 You could be joining a Hedge Fund with over $10 billion under management.
 As a Software Engineer you'll collaborate closely with three traders working on systematic trading strategies to understand their needs and deliver high-quality solutions to enable them to model trading strategies using vast quantities of data. You'll develop full stack applications using Python or R and web languages and implement data pipelines using database languages such as SQL and KDB as well as deploying, monitoring and troubleshooting software systems using DevOps tools.
 This is aa great opportunity for a Software Engineer / Developer who is interested in working closely with he business and gain an indepth understanding of systematic trading.
 WFH Policy:
 You'll join colleagues in the London office Tuesday to Thursday with Monday and Friday work from home; there's a friendly and collaborative environment with casual dress code and a range of facilities.
 Requirements:

 You're an experienced Software Engineer / Developer with strong Python and / or R coding skills
 You have experience with database languages such as SQL and KDB / other
 You are familiar with full stack development including front end frameworks and DevOps tools
 You're highly numerate with a good understanding of mathematics, comfortable working with large data sets
 You have an interest in systematic trading systems and are keen to learn and progress in this area, previous financial services experience is nice to have
 You're collaborate and have excellent communication and interpersonal skills
 You're degree educated in a STEM discipline e.g. Computer Science or Mathematics

 Salary & benefits:
 As a Software Engineer / Developer (Python R) you will earn a competitive salary (to £110k) plus significant bonus earning potential and benefits including pension, healthcare and much more.
 Apply now or call to find out more about this Software Engineer Python R opportunity.
 At Client Server we believe in a diverse workplace that allows people to play to their strengths and continually learn. We're an equal opportunities employer whose people come from all walks of life and will never discriminate based on race, colour, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The clients we work with share our values.
