
Software Developer (TDD AWS) *Cheshire* to £100k
 
Are you a tech savvy Software Developer who would enjoy being part of a hugely ambitious cyber security company where you will help deliver amazing products and services? Do you want to be part of a fantastic culture and work alongside a kind and genuine team who are exceptionally good at what they do?
 
What's in it for you?

 Up to £100k salary
 Free food and beverages on-site all day everyday (including fresh baked treats and coffee!)
 On-site gym with trainers and classes including yoga
 Enhanced parental leave - 26 weeks full pay
 Flexible working hours can be supported
 Opportunities to upskill, structured development programmes, and life / career coaching
 Fantastic socials - quarterly team lunches, Friday drinks, regular company events

 
Your Role:
 As a Software Developer you will be part of a small cross functional engineering team working on greenfield functionality for multiple web security products including the core web security platform which is written in Java and hosted on AWS. Day to day you will follow Agile ways of working, with pair programming and TDD, and will release features rapidly allowing you to quickly see your work in production. The team are in the process of modernising their tools and infrastructure to fully embrace Cloud capabilities and are excited to welcome a bright, curious, and driven technologist to their team.
 
WfH Policy:
 For this role you will be required in the Knutsford based office 5 days a week.
 
Ideal Requirements:

 You know Java inside out and have a strong understanding of programming fundamentals
 You have a solid understanding of TDD
 You are able to pick up new technologies and tools quickly
 You are likely to be degree educated (2:1 and above)
 You are a kind, genuine, and open individual who has excellent communication and collaboration skills

 
As a Software Developer you can expect to earn a competitive salary (up to £100k) plus a comprehensive benefits package.
 
Apply today or call to find out more about this Software Developer (Java TDD) role.
 
At Client Server we believe in a diverse workplace that allows people to play to their strengths and continually learn. We're an equal opportunities employer whose people come from all walks of life and will never discriminate based on race, colour, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The clients we work with share our values.
