Who We Are
DriveWorks is an innovative, growing software development company; our Design Automation & Product Configurator software enables businesses around the world to design, personalise, and sell custom products in a highly visual and engaging way, including live, online 3D visualisation.
Our success is based on innovative technology, high standards and a vibrant mix of talent. We are based in beautiful, 250-year-old converted barn offices in Thelwall. We work hard, but we also have lots of fun with summer and Christmas parties, running club and go-karting, escape rooms, pub quizzes and badminton.
We strive to make DriveWorks a great place to work, and we’re proud to say that our commitment to our team has been recognised by Investors in People, achieving Bronze accreditation in 2014 and Silver in 2017.
The Stack
The DriveWorks team deliver a suite of Desktop, Server, Web, and Hybrid Cloud software, all with an API that our customers, resellers and partners can use to extend the software, evolving beyond our own vision.

We have a significant C# usage; this is the focus for the future of our back-end stack
Our principal tech stack is currently based on .NET Framework 4.8, but with the recent release of .NET 6 we are excited to transition and unlock a new wave of capability
As a heavy automator of other software including the SOLIDWORKS CAD software and Microsoft Office, a significant part of the original code base is written in Visual Basic .NET
Our front-end language of choice is TypeScript; we are huge fans of the type safety as an aide to building robust, scalable software

The Role
The Senior Developer role is integral to our Development Team, we value the experience and knowledge you’ll be bringing to our team. You’ll have the opportunity to work at the cutting edge of automation technology, in the company of a like-minded, passionate team.
We are big believers of the agile approach to software development, and always work to improve effectiveness and efficiency through collaboration.
Flexible Hybrid Working
We value your work/life balance, and we support this with hybrid working and flexible start times around our core hours of 10am-4pm.
This role is Monday-Friday, and hybrid working for this role would 3 days based in the office.
We might be biased when we say our offices are better than most, but we’re lucky to be based in beautiful, 250-year-old converted barn offices with lots of spaces to relax and have fun with a lunchtime game of pool, Xboxes, and a beer fridge… though the tuck shop is probably the star of the show!
Who You Are
We’re looking for an experienced desktop developer who is passionate about delivering innovative and robust software. Staying up to date with the latest technologies, you’ll have an appetite for learning and for sharing your expertise by mentoring fellow developers in the early stages of their career and collaborating with your peers.
What we can offer you

A warm, welcoming, friendly team
Excellent training and development opportunities
Work with the latest technology
Private medical insurance
Comprehensive wellbeing programme
Enhanced holidays (31 days) and pension
Free fresh fruit, refreshments, and coffee machine
Team bonding and social events
Picturesque setting on natures doorstep with plenty of free parking

Our people are our greatest asset, we are committed to helping everyone develop and succeed. Everyone at DriveWorks has a personal development plan and we encourage you to share your ideas.
We get to know our team and want to know what’s important to you. We listen so we can improve work/life balance, our offices, our software, and the way we do things.
How to apply
Click ‘Apply Now’ to send your CV and a short cover letter. We promise to do our best to reply to every application as fast as we can, please be aware that we may receive a high number of applications which can mean our replies are slower than we’d like. We may close this vacancy early depending on the number of applicants so don’t delay, apply today!
We have a legal responsibility to ensure our people have the right to live and work in the UK. If we make an offer of employment, we will need to check that you are eligible to work in the UK before you start work.
Good luck!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: From £50,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Additional leave
Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Discounted or free food
Flexitime
Free parking
Gym membership
On-site parking
Private medical insurance
Referral programme
Sick pay
Store discount
Wellness programme
Work from home

Schedule:

Day shift
Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme

Ability to commute/relocate:

WARRINGTON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: In person
Reference ID: KHSNRDEV3001Flexitime