We are delighted to be working with an exciting charity who are working to support a more sustainable future for people and the planet. They need a talented Full Stack Developer to join their team. 
If you want to be part of an organisation which works on "Tech for Good" projects then this could be the opportunity for you. 

 Full Stack Developer 
To provide technical and project leadership to the Informatics team. Working closely with the development team, UX designer and Product Manager to architect and deliver complex and high-profile applications 


Key Responsibilities:


Liaise with web developers, data scientists and geospatial experts to deliver high quality biodiversity informatics products APIs and databases that are paired with engaging and interactive interfaces.
Develop processes and methods to ensure consistency and quality across our applications including testing.
Work closely with other members of the informatics team and internal clients to develop efficient and maintainable web applications, on time and within budget.
Ensure all our applications are responsive and cross browser compatible.
Continue to expand your skills and knowledge and stay up to date with the latest developments in front end technologies.

Other duties:


Maintain and update existing applications, APIs and databases.
Represent the Informatics team around the organisation and at relevant external meetings.
Motivate and inspire other team members to develop their own skill sets.
Manage the delivery of smaller projects.
 Person Specification 



Degree in Computer Science or similar
Good understand of developing modern web applications, preferably Ruby on Rails.
Experience with HTML, CSS and JavaScript, preferably VueJS.
Experience with SQL, preferably including PostgreSQL.
Experience with version control systems preferably GIT, and deployment preferably with Capistrano.
 Skills 



JavaScript, VueJS.
Jest, Cypress.
HTML5, CSS3, SCSS.
Ruby on Rails.
Mapbox, CartoDB, Leaflet.js.
Git.
GIS.
PostgreSQL, PostGIS.
Python.
Capistrano.
 This role will be required to undertake international travel as required. A range of great benefits are also on offer. 
This role is on a hybrid basis so candidates must live in a commutable distance to Cambridge. 

 For more information please contact Kirsty Giles at Pure Resourcing Solutions. 
#PRSSOFT