
Junior Software Developer (C# / Web) 
Maidstone - Once a month in office
 £30,000 - £40,000 + Training Courses + Remote Working Options + Company Benefits 
Are you a Junior Software Developer with experience in C# Development, looking to join a supportive and collaborative team of Developers, be involved in a variety of exciting digital transformation projects and work for a well-established local Government authority that will heavily invest in your technical progression?
 On offer is the opportunity to work for a government body who prides themselves in providing the best support and service to its thriving community. Due to a recent period of growth within the technical department, now is a great time to jump on-board a play a major part in the future of their Digital Transformation strategy.
 In the role, the Junior Software Developer will be working a team of Developers and Applications Analysts, where you will be designing, developing and maintaining the Software Solutions of the organisation. You will be working on a mix of 3rd Party and bespoke Software applications. You will also be providing application Support on the Business Systems within the organisation.
 This role would suit a Junior Software Developer with a background in C# looking for a new role, working in for a government organisation that will be providing you the opportunity to kick start your personal and technical progression through being provided with continuous technical training.
 The Role:

 Developing, designing and maintaining Back-Office Software applications
 Upgrading and adding features to both bespoke and 3rd part Software
 Providing application support on the internal Business Systems
 Remote Working - Once a month in office

 The Person:

 Background as a Junior Software Developer/Engineer
 Experience in C#/.NET Software

 Keywords: Software Developer, Web Developer, Software, Developer, Junior Software Developer, C#, .NET, C# Developer, Software Engineer, PHP, Software Applications, Web Developer, Junior Developer
 Reference Number: BBBH7767
 If you are interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV.  We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates. The salary advertised is a guideline for this position. The offered renumeration will be dependent on the extent of your experience, qualifications, and skill set.  Ernest Gordon Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job, you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at our website.
