We are Protein Works™
Rewind to 12th December 2012. Out of a freezing cold office (because we couldn’t afford heating back then!), our founders huddled round a couple of laptops. This was the moment. After a year of working round the clock and a lifetime of tempering the thirst to create a world class brand, we pressed LAUNCH. That was the moment Protein Works.™ website went live to the world.
It’s not an overly fancy story, we know. There’re no garages worked out of, no office in the Bay Area to talk up. But fancy isn’t in our DNA, innovation is. With the idea to rock the very foundations of a sports nutrition industry that had become stagnant, we set out to create a health and fitness brand that put pure quality & wow service before the lowest possible price. We knew we’d be the underdogs from the very beginning. But you know what? We love that.
Fast forward around 10 years and the journey from humble Cheshire beginnings, to over 3 million orders shipped globally may be in the bag, but our future is just beginning.
So of course, it follows naturally that we believe in an in-house approach. We put talent and expertise at the centre of our brand. For us, team is everything. In short, we don’t ‘do’ agencies, and we emphatically believe our people are the best ones to create and deliver success. As such, PW is an entrepreneurial place that values those people who want to make a dent, don’t want to be held back & don’t do politics. We are bored with ‘corporate’, are positively impatient & passionate self-learners. The culture is fast paced, supportive, and audacious.
At our Cheshire based HQ we live and breathe the full business mix – an ever-growing facility across two sites and almost 100,000sq ft. On Campus One, you’ll find everything to do with Innovation & Manufacturing of our award-winning products. Just around the corner, on Campus Two, you’ll discover everything from Sales & Marketing and Product Development to Supply Chain Planning, Finance and Customer Experience.
Oh and our vast Fulfilment Centre is there also. We ship out over 3,000 products around the world, every day, to help people achieve their health and fitness dreams, live healthier lives and make a difference.
The Role: IT Systems Manager:
This is an incredible role, and one that is ideal for an accomplished “all-rounder” in the best sense of the word. Someone who has a wealth of knowledge across systems, coding and understands commercial business requirements. You will be responsible for the smooth running of core systems across Protein Works multi-site operations covering Manufacturing, Fulfilment, Supply Chain and offices. You will be familiar with systems integrations and able to trouble-shoot issues. Longer term, you will be expected to build a strategic IT plan. From a technical background, you will have coding in your locker to call upon when needed. You will also enjoy being in the thick of everything that a high growth, fast moving, entrepreneurial business can throw at you.
Immediate Responsibilities and Hot Projects
· Collaborate across the business with all key stakeholders to co-ordinate systems and technical priorities. Project managing these at every step.
· Manage the day to day warehouse management and manufacturing systems to minimise downtime and issues.
· Develop and take ownership of a clear 6 month systems roadmap for enhancements and fixes in line with business objectives.
· Build API integrations and overhaul unreliable integrations to ensure minimum downtime and commercial impact.
· Manage the IT Support ticketing system, managing the team to respond and resolve tasks across the business in a timely and effective manner.
· Undertake ad hoc IT systems projects based on business requirements and manage software and hardware requirements.
Desirables
· Bachelor’s degree in computer science, business administration, or related field
· Advanced Universe and Microsoft SQL Server development experience
· Experience writing, queries, reports, and screens
· Experience providing desktop and application support
· Cisco or CCA certification, or equivalent experience
· Able to work with mathematical concepts such as statistical inference and probability
· Demonstrated ability to achieve individual and team goals
The Things You’ll Nail as Standard
1. Efficiently create reports, dashboards, programs, BAMs, and BPMs
2. Create add-on applications to perform small features on top of ERP system
3. Install, documents, and tests software and hardware upgrades
4. Support multiple software and hardware systems throughout the organization
5. Offers leadership, coaching, and training to manage staff performance
6. Responsible for internal systems security and application support to support all users
7. Manages all information systems policies and documentation including backup strategies, user training materials, network maps, and security policies
8. Regular communication with the operational team and senior management team
9. Process-driven with the ability to quickly understand a situation and propose potential solutions
You’re Naturally Like This…
1. Possess a “can-do” attitude
2. Highly enthusiastic with a drive to improve and develop new ways of working
3. Ability to clearly communicate complex topics in simple terms, to a variety of audiences
4. Avid self-learner & share knowledge across the business
5. Highly motivated self-starter with a flexible, can-do attitude
6. Place a high value on delivering business impact
7. Positively impatient
8. Great at building positive, productive collaborations and teams
9. Excellent interpersonal skills
Non-Negotiables
1. Previous experience working with ecommerce back office systems
2. Developer experience at some level previously in VB.Net, PHP and SQL
3. Man management experience
4. Highly organised and excellent verbal and written skills
5. Ability to multi-task and deliver to deadlines
6. Ability to lead and motivate, and challenge as required
7. Excellent relationship building skills and ability to influence at various levels
8. Well-organised, with an eye for detail in everything you do
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Discounted or free food
Employee discount
On-site parking
Sick pay
Store discount

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme

Education:

Bachelor's (required)

Experience:

SQL: 3 years (required)

Work Location: In person