
Software Developer (C# .Net Python) *Hybrid WFH / London* to £70k
 
Hugely successful investment firm that focuses on macroeconomic trends is seeking a talented Software Developer to join their exceptional team. You will be joining a team who are passionate about they do and foster a collaborative and supportive environment driven by values of respect, humility, and curiosity.
 
Benefits:

 Up to £70k salary plus up to 25% bonuses
 Hybrid working (2 days a week remote)
 Excellent career progression

 
Your Role:
 As a Software Developer, you will be responsible for designing and developing front, middle, and back- office systems, allowing you to gain a broad exposure to all aspects of systems development. This is a highly collaborative role where you will interact with all business teams to design and implement high quality solutions. There is plenty of growth opportunity and you will be able to pick up new technologies and gain valuable business domain knowledge.
 
Office & WFH Policy:
 The company office is based in London however, you can work remotely up to 2 days a week.
 
Requirements:

 You have previous development experience using C# and ideally have some Python experience too
 You ideally have a background in the banking space
 You are familiar with WinForms and WPF
 You have excellent communication and collaboration skills
 You are a tech savvy individual who keeps up to date with the latest technology trends

 
As a Software Developer, you can expect to earn a competitive salary (up to £70k) plus bonus and benefits.
 
Apply today or call to find out more about this Software Developer (C# Python) role.
 
At Client Server we believe in a diverse workplace that allows people to play to their strengths and continually learn. We're an equal opportunities employer whose people come from all walks of life and will never discriminate based on race, colour, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The clients we work with share our values.
