Are you a Software Engineer looking for an exciting new challenge and the chance to work on an AI-powered Enterprise SAAS product?
We’re working with one of the UK’s most exciting brands in the FinTech sector, who are looking for Mid-Level Software Engineers to join their R&D team. You'd be working in cross-functional Agile squads on both BAU development and building greenfield cutting-edge software solutions. We’re looking for either Full Stack Software Engineers or Back End Software Engineers, who are happy to learn React.
As a Full Stack Software Engineer, you'll deliver high-quality new features and improve existing ones, whilst supporting the implementation of secure design principles. You'll be working with microservices architecture, and ideally you’ll have prior experience working in a similar environment, working with cross-functional Agile squads/teams. As a business they’re passionate about continual & cross-learning opportunities, holding fortnightly learning days, all focused at personal learning and sharing knowledge across the business, as well as an annual Hackathon, where the whole engineering team comes together to collaborate. As a Mid-Level Engineer you’ll have chance to mentor Junior Engineers, as well as having the chance to learn and work with some of the most talented Engineers in the region.
At both Mid & Senior Software Engineer level you’re given the opportunity to specialise in particular guilds, whether that be Back End or Front End Development and/or moving into team leadership. There’s a well-defined and deliverable progression plan that will be shared from your first day, which together with the continued learning opportunities ensure that you’re continually progressing yourself as an Engineer.
To be considered for this Full Stack Engineer opportunity you’ll ideally be able to demonstrate experience in the following areas/technologies:

3 + years experience in a similar Full Stack Engineer / Back End Engineer role
C# .NET
React (desirable – also keen to speak to Back End Engineers who’d be happy learning React, or if you’ve used a similar Front End Framework – Angular, Vanilla, Vue etc)
Microservices (desirable)
TDD

The business works to a hybrid working policy of working in Birmingham city centre 2-3 days per week, with the rest working remotely. The R&D team are based in the city centre within commutable distance of both New Street & Snow Hill stations. They feel this works best for them due the amount of collaboration that happens between the squads.
The Full Stack Software Engineer role is paying up to £60,000 + Benefits package, including Company Pension scheme, 25 days holiday + Bank Holidays, Parental Leave plan & Vitality Health Insurance).
If you’re looking for a fun, supportive and technically challenging environment, where you’ll have the opportunity to work with like-minded and high quality engineers, then this will be the perfect environment for you. If you’d be interested in finding out further details then please send your CV over and one of the Fusion team will be in touch to discuss in further detail.
C# / .NET Core / Microservices / TDD / SOLID / PostgreSQL / React / Oracle / Kafka / Docker / Kubernetes / Security / Elasticsearch / Big Data / AI / Machine Learning
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £50,000.00-£60,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Life insurance
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Birmingham, B3: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Experience:

.NET: 2 years (preferred)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Birmingham, B3
Reference ID: 583920202