
PHP Developer (Innovative Tech firm- FULLY REMOTE) 
A Leading AdTech/E-Commerce Company is looking to expand its Software Development Team.
 Are you looking to work for an innovative High Growth company?
 Are you a Solutions Focused QA ? Do you enjoy working with PHP and Laravel ? Do you want to join a creative and ambitious company going places? 
This company is going through a large Tech Stack Transformation. They are looking for a Forward Thinking and innovative person. They have AMAZING Plans for 2023/2024! This is a well-established company who has been trading for 20 years with £15Millon in Revenues
 
Tech Stack: PHP
 Framework: Laravel
 HQ In London ***Fully Remote role*** They like to meet up once a month for a Collab Day/Free Food/Drinks/Ideas sharing and vision setting!
 
You will be working in a Fast-Paced Environment where they are looking for people to get things done! Ultra Collaborative and Innovative culture.
 
Process
 X2 Stage Process and quick turnaround.
 1st stage on MS Teams for 30mins
 2nd stage Interview /Technical Screening
 OFFER and START
 
The role in more details:

You will be working in a team of 6 PHP Developers 
This is a progressive role and a chance for you to influence 


Key skills 
We are looking to expand our engineering team with a PHP Developer.
 We are a close-knit team who love the web and we are proud to be contributing to a successful and expanding business that is making a real difference in the lives of our users. We want to work with people who are curious, honest, eager to learn and passionate about all aspects of technology.
 We're looking for:

 An experienced PHP developer
 Who knows the TALL stack (Tailwind, Alpine JS, Laravel and Livewire)
 Who also has Vue experience (Vue 2 and Vue 3)
 Who is eager to learn and passionate about code
 Who understands the value of tests and clean code
 With experience of code reviews and agile development methodologies

 
The Role: 
We're also developing machine learning models with Python and R and are investigating as many uses of AI as possible.
 What You'll Be Doing
 In addition to developing and supporting our new platform, you'll be:

 Designing systems, writing code and releasing features into production.
 Working with our Technical Lead, CTO and Product Team to assess requirements, features, and designs to produce technical solutions.
 Peer reviewing and quality checking the code of other developers. We believe in creating thoroughly tested, secure software so all of our developers are involved in the code review process.
 Helping other members of the team to solve problems through pair programming.
 Continuing to develop your coding abilities and new skills.

 All About You
 We're looking for someone who is passionate about software development and technology in general.
 Ideally, you will:

 Strive to constantly learn and improve your software engineering skills.
 Have a desire and ability to write high quality object-oriented PHP.
 Be intimately familiar with the TALL stack.
 Have Vue experience
 Understand that maintenance, fixing bugs, refactoring, addressing technical debt, and writing tests and technical documentation are as important as writing new code.
 Strive to delete more code than you add.
 Be a team player and get excited about our culture and software.
 Be a critical thinker who can diagnose problems and analyse situations to find a root cause and provide sustainable solutions.
 Have worked as a PHP software engineer before and have maintained software for multiple years.
 Any experience with high traffic websites would be an advantage.

 
Benefits
 You'll be provided with an M1 MacBook Air. We'll also provide access to online learning platforms such as Laracasts.
 We also offer (subject to eligibility):

 25 days holiday per year plus bank holidays
 A discretionary company bonus scheme
 After 12 months employment, you will be eligible to join our EMI share options scheme
 Buy more holiday scheme
 Cycle2Work scheme
 Employee Assistance Programme
 Workplace Nursery scheme
 Electric Vehicle scheme
 BUPA private medical cover
 Perkbox subscription
 Monthly team social events

 In addition to this, we'll support you with:

 Weekly 1-1s with your line manager to review progress, agree goals and provide support.
 A yearly appraisal system.
 Bi-Weekly DEAL sessions with a customised training programme agreed with your line manager.

 APPLY NOW!!-Interviews will be Arranged ASAP
 Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. Rates of pay and salary ranges are dependent upon your experience, qualifications and training. If you wish to apply, please read our Privacy Notice describing how we may process, disclose and store your personal data: roberthalf.co.uk/legal-information/privacy-notice.
 Security alert: scammers are currently targeting jobseekers. Robert Half do not ask candidates for a fee or request candidates to send applications through instant messaging services such as WhatsApp or Telegram. Learn how to protect yourself by visiting our website: roberthalf.co.uk/fraud-alert
