
Senior Java Developer - Fully Remote   As a software engineer, your mission is to be part of a core team helping to shape the product, build depth and add new capabilities to our platform which will enable our customers to transform financial industry operations.  We're looking for someone who has a passion for technology, dedicated to producing the best product possible, and the professionalism required in a mission-critical role. All our engineers are full-stack generalists and have experience of (or an appreciation of) a DevOps culture.  As a small team we are looking for somebody with a collaborative mindset, strong communication skills, and curiosity in learning new things. You will be involved at every step of the development lifecycle from concept to deployment into production and you will have exposure to all parts of the system.   Requirements  Server-side Java design and development (5+ years) Knowledge of three or more of: web technologies, user interface development, messaging, data modelling, security, concurrency, resiliency, networking, caching and performance tuning Passionate about reliability, repeatability and testing Excellent communication skills both written and oral Have experience of working in a small, highly productive Scrum/Agile team Working knowledge of SQL and relational database technology (e.g. Postgres) Comfortable working in a Mac/Linux environment Aptitude and ability to learn quickly and a keenness to keep learning new things BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related discipline    Desirable Attributes  Comfortable working in a start-up culture where we lay the path instead of following it Hands-on experience from design to operation Experience of working with cloud computing platforms/services, incl. Kubernetes Interested in or have experience of DevOps  What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
 Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk
