
 Graduate Software Developer 
  Kettering - Office based.
  £22,000 - £25,000 + 20 Days Holiday + Pension + Team Socials + Summer BBQ's 
 
 This is a great opportunity for a recent graduate who has knowledge of HTML, CSS and C# .Net to gain on-the-job training with a clear path of progression to become a go-to expert within a rapidly expanding company that will invest both time and money into you.
 
 This web design and development company is currently rapidly expanding and have a reputation within the industry as being a leader in excellence and quality. They are in the fortunate position to have a very full and large order book that spans past the new year, and are now actively looking for a new junior member of the team that they can nurture and invest in. Through training and progression, you can become a technical expert within a year, all whilst receiving excellent benefits.
 
 Within this role, you will begin working on smaller projects as you train and progress your skills under the watchful eyes of more senior members of the team. You will be mentored and trained to develop your ASP .NET, and C# skills and eventually transition into formulating client websites from scratch. By working mainly with HTML, CSS, C#.NET, ASP.NET, JavaScript and SQL, you will be based in the large Kettering office within a buzzing collaborative team environment.
 
 The ideal candidate will be proficient in HTML and CSS, with experience in ASP.NET or C#.NET. This experience can be gained through personal projects or hands-on experience in apprenticeships and formal education.
 
 This is an excellent opportunity for a graduate with a passion for website design and development to gain further training and become a go-to expert. Apply today and take the first step towards an exciting new career!
 
 The Role:
 

Design and build websites
Mainly using HTML, CSS, C# .Net, ASP .Net, JavaScript and SQL
Working on small projects to start with - progressing to bigger ones as your skills improve
£22,000 - £25,000 + 20 Days Holiday + Pension + Team Socials + Summer BBQ's 
Office-based, Monday to Friday

 The Person:
 

Familiar with CSS and HTML
Some experience with C# .Net or ASP .Net
Has some examples of previous work/ projects.
Commutable to Kettering 

 Reference Number: BBBH185738
 
 To apply for this role or to be considered for further roles, please click "Apply Now" or contact Nina-Rose Cunliffe at Rise Technical Recruitment.
 
 Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent roles and an employment business for temporary roles.
 
 The salary advertised is the bracket available for this position. The actual salary paid will be dependent on your level of experience, qualifications, and skill set. We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates.
