Job Description
An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Project Engineer to join our team in Gateshead and help deliver products and solutions for Power Utilities. The Project Engineer will be responsible for the engineering, design, integration, testing and commissioning of automation projects throughout the entire project life-cycle.
Key Responsibilities

Interpret clients’ requirements, to design, engineer, integrate, test, and deliver the solution in a professional and timely manner.
Interface with customers on all technical elements and schedules.
Produce specifications / drawings and agree with customers.
Drive projects to achieve an “on-time” project delivery, within budget.
Engage with subcontractors and external suppliers for the delivery of projects.
Comply with the QHSE procedures and responsibilities of the Company.

Key Elements of the Role

Designing, installation, commissioning, and maintenance of PLC, SCADA, and HMI systems in automation projects.
Project engineering, configuration, integration, and test.
Integrate and configure software, hardware, communications, and external devices.
Assist in the preparation and approvals of bills of materials and manufacturing drawings and where necessary interface with suppliers.
Prepare project documentation such as design specifications, factory acceptance tests, site acceptance tests and operation and maintenance manuals.
Participate in project meetings and assist in the scheduling of activities.
Undertake FAT, SAT, site installation and commissioning activities where necessary.
Develop additional engineering skills and expertise where required to support the capability of the Company to deliver full turnkey Substation Automation Systems and advanced Smart Grid solutions.
Deliver external training on products and tools.

Minimum Educational Qualifications

ONC/HNC in Electrical / Electronic / Software Engineering or related subject

Experience & Knowledge Requirements

Proven track record of delivering projects, preferably within SCADA and Automation sectors; ideally within the LV/MV/HV Electricity Transmission & Distribution Industry.
Knowledge of communications systems and SCADA protocols such as Modbus, DNP, and IEC 61850.
Experience of implementation using PLC logic.
Experience of configuration of Zenon HMI software
Software and IT systems background would be advantageous.
An understanding of substation protection schemes, relays and their operation is desirable.
Knowledge of Smart Grid applications is desirable.

Desirable Personal Qualities

Ability to work independently and within a small team environment.
Self-motivated to take ownership of issues and tasks and deliver with minimum support.
Excellent internal and external communication skills
Exceptional attention to detail.
Practical with the strength of character to work safely under times of pressure.
Be willing to travel for site testing and commissioning work when required.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.
‘Can-do’ attitude - enthusiastic and willing to learn.

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £35,000.00-£45,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Gateshead, NE11 0TX: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: In person