
Full Stack Developer (Crime Intelligence)
 Telford / Hybrid
 £55,000 - £65,000 + Progression + Training + Company Benefits  Are you a Full Stack Software Engineer that wants to work with the next generation of security systems that incorporate AI to accurately predict crime before it happens, to protect high-value assets?  Do you want to have an impact on your community and help reduce crime by developing the next generation of security systems that have already reduced thefts across London by 20%?  On offer is the chance to work with cutting-edge technology in an innovative and forward-thinking company that is going from strength to strength after a hugely successful market entry in 2018.  This business is heavily investing in its R&D Function to develop its newest product suite, they are looking for somebody that can lead the team and help shape and mold the division as it grows.  The ideal Full Stack Software Engineer would be experienced with taking control of the development life cycle, leading from the front, and writing and executing clean code.  THE ROLE

Contribute to the architecture and development road map
Take control of the end-to-end delivery of the newest products
Help solve some of the industry's most complex technical challenges

 THE PERSON
 
Full Stack Background 
Familiar with React, VUE, PHP and Python 

 Keywords: Python, Vue, React, Angular, PHP, Livewire, Tailwind, C++, C#, Full Stack, Front End, Back End,
 
 Reference number: BBBH7617
 
 If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV.
 
 We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates. 
 
 The salary advertised is a guideline for this position. The offered renumeration will be dependent on the extent of your experience, qualifications, and skill set.
 
 Ernest Gordon Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job, you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at our website
