
Python Developer {NASA, European Space Agency}
 Belfast
 £60,000 - £80,000 + Market leading Training + Progression opportunities
 Are you a skilled Python Developer looking to play a crucial role with an extremely talented team of developers, working for an award-winning software company on hi-tech projects with organisations such as NASA and the European Space Agency?
 Do you want the rare and exciting opportunity to play a pivotal part in the growth and success of a company specialising in the creation of innovative solutions for a range of complex and demanding industries?
 On offer is a great opportunity for a gifted Python Developer to join an incredibly exciting, ever growing company who since their inception, have grown into a world class software solution provider developing solutions that are intelligent, platform-independent and adaptable.
 In the role, the Successful Python Developer will work on core products and major customer solutions. Our industry leading clients is looking for a web developer responsible for the development of both server-side logic and front-end elements using the latest web technologies.
 This role would suit a Python Developer who is highly technically proficient in Python, Django, PostgreSQL and be able to write, deploy and maintain web applications.
 The Role:

 Developing new Geospatial web applications
 Based on requirements implement, build and maintain web applications

 The Person:

 Experience in web application product development using Django framework
 Experience developing with Python
 Experience in building REST APIs
 Experience with relational databases, specifically PostgreSQL

 Keywords: Python, Docker, AWS, Django, Belfast, Dublin, Hybrid
 Reference Number: BBBH7624
 If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV.
 We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates. The salary advertised is a guideline for this position. The offered renumeration will be dependent on the extent of your experience, qualifications, and skill set.
 Ernest Gordon Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job, you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at our website.
