
Senior Software Developer (C# AWS .Net Core) *WFH / St Albans* to £125k
 
Are you looking for a Senior Software Developer role where you can make an impact, bring new ideas, and develop your career? Do you want to be part of a tech driven and collaborative culture where opportunities for growth are as big as your ambitions?
 
Award-winning financial sport trading organisation is looking for a talented technologist with a wealth of C#. Net development experience to enhance their capabilities as they continue expansion into international markets.
 
Benefits:

 Up to £125k salary plus bonus
 Hybrid working (3 days a week remote)
 25 days holiday
 Excellent ongoing training and development
 Life insurance, private medical, and gym membership discounts

 
Your Role:
 In this Senior Software Developer role, you'll take ownership of designing and developing C# real-time, low latency pricing and trading systems for a range of markets. You'll gain exposure to the full software development lifecycle on new features and functionality, with a key focus on scalability and making services stateless, robust and cloud ready.
 
The company boasts an egalitarian structure, so not only will you have the chance to collaborate with directors, but your contributions will be valued from the start. You'll also have plenty of opportunities to develop and refine your technical craft, working with cutting-edge technology including .Net Core and microservices with a DevOps culture.
 
WFH & Office:
 You'll join colleagues in St Albans-based offices in due course (25 minutes from Kings Cross, 10 minutes from M25) with onsite parking available. You will be able to work remotely 3 days a week for this role.
 
Requirements: 

You have strong C# .Net development skills, including multi-threading experience
 You consider yourself a true tech advocate; familiar with .Net Core, Microservices and CI/CD
 You have good knowledge of clouding computing systems (AWS)
 You have experience working with distributed systems
 You're a proactive team player, keen to share knowledge and work in a collaborative environment

 
As a Senior Software Developer, you'll earn a highly competitive salary (up to £125k) plus a comprehensive benefits package including a generous holiday allowance (rising annually) pension, life assurance and medical care.
 
If you want to find out more about this Senior Software Developer (C#) opportunity, apply today or get in touch.
