
Oracle Developer - Software Engineer x2 - Camberley / Hybrid - up to £600 per day inside IR35 - FS Industry   Your new company Reputable global investment bank seeking 2 Oracle Developers to join them on a wider project.   Your new role  Key responsibilities of a Software Engineer working on Finman are: 

Develop enhancements to existing functionality and architectural improvements to the system.
 Periodically troubleshoot and support the components.
 Wwork collaboratively with development teams in Finance Technology to deliver solutions end to end to meet business requirements. 
Work closely with Product Owner and business analysts to deliver stories and gain sign-off.
 Contribute to application design, regression test automation and other efficiency initiatives, as well as actively participating in all agile ceremonies.




What you'll need to succeed

 Essential
  
 - Excellent knowledge of Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c or 19C with strong experience coding PL/SQL procedures and functions. - Good OO design skills, knowledge of patterns and architectural understanding.
  

Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with proven global team interaction.
Willingness to learn, adopt and advance team best-practices, procedures and qualitative standards.
Willingness to own issues and chase them through to completion, communicating effectively and in a timely manner, throughout.
Good team communication, with experiences in sharing and presenting new ideas and approaches with the team.
SQL performance tuning experience.

 Nice to have
  


Commercial experience of Python.
UNIX or Linux experience.
Microsoft Visual Studio C# .net experience.
C# experience developing Windows applications as opposed to pure web development.
 - GIT/Bitbucket. - Quartz Python development experience.
  

Scrum/Agile methodologies.
Good understanding of Agile and Lean software development practices and associated tools.
Investment banking experience, with front or back office team experience advantageous.
A working knowledge of accounting with experience of corporate GL structures and flows would be beneficial.
 - Automated test tools. - SQL Server.
  


What you'll get in return
 Flexible working options available.
  

What you need to do now
 If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
   If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
 
 Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk
