
Software Engineer Manager - Investment Banking - London/ Hybrid
 (Tech stack: C#, Java, ASP.NET, Angular, HTML 5, CSS, WCF/ Web Services, Web API, Windows Services/Server Side Development, MS SQL Server, T-SQL, Mocking, NUnit, Specflow, or similar, Team City, MS Build, GIT, Svn, MSMQ, WebSphere MQ, SDLC experience)
 Do you want to work for an internationally recognised brand? Do you want to work on enterprise level software development projects and gain exposure to cutting edge technologies? Do you want to experience a truly sophisticated Agile development environment? Then look no further!
 Our client is an award-winning investment bank with a strong presence in over 30 countries. Due to continued growth and expansion, we are seeking a new Software Engineering Manager to join their dynamic team of high-flying individuals. The right person should be experienced in establishing, building, and progressing teams with the following experience: C#, Java, ASP.NET, DevOps (Azure and/or AWS and/or GCP), Angular, HTML 5, CSS, WCF/ Web Services, Web API, Windows Services/Server-Side Development, MS SQL Server, T-SQL, Mocking, NUnit, Specflow, or similar, Team City, MS Build, GIT, SVN, MSMQ, WebSphere MQ, SDLC experience.
 You will be working alongside an MVP and well-respected peers. This is a truly fabulous opportunity to join a spectacular organization; one that offers a structured career progression programme, excellent training, exquisite offices and amazing benefits.
 This is your opportunity to be part of a new, technically challenging project and to be involved in the creation of a new application from scratch.
 This position comes with the following benefits:

Generous pension
Private healthcare
Employee Assistance Programme
Cycle to Work Scheme
Free gym membership
Flexible working hours
Hybrid Working Model


Location: London, UK / Hybrid Working
 The successful candidate will be required to be in the office 3 days a week.
 Salary: £100,000 - £130,000 + Bonus + Pension + Benefits
 To apply for this position please send your CV to Sunny Bhalla at Noir.
 
NOIRUKTECHREC
 NOIRUKREC
 NC/SB/ENGBNK

