Halo are a fully integrated Brand and Digital Agency based in Ringwood, Hampshire, UK. We offer a wide range of design services but It’s also about knowing how to bring techniques together and make them work harmoniously across a multi-channel campaign. However, the physical design services we offer is half the picture. What sets Halo apart, and what we are truly proud of is our customer service. Understanding client’s needs is vital in providing valued customer service.
Introduction to the role
We are looking for an enthusiastic and talented WordPress developer to join our busy and agile team. You core responsibilities will be working on WordPress and Woocommerce ecommerce solutions you will be involved at the early stages of the project from conception through to completion.
You’ll be working in a fun, energetic and agile environment where no two days are the same.
You must demonstrate a clear passion for ecommerce development, user experience and always be keeping up to date with latest trends and techniques.
Required skills

Experience working with WordPress, Woocommerce or other ecommerce platforms
Educated to a degree level
Strong knowledge of PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS, Sass, JavaScript and JS libraries like jQuery.
Composer, Gulp and grunt.
Understanding and experience of the software development lifecycle.
Understanding of how to write maintainable code and the importance of testing
Excellent english language communication skills, both verbal and written, with the ability communicate effectively with a technical and non-technical audience.
Understanding of User Experience design
Experience using GIT
Experience with project management tools such as Monday, Trello and codebase would be beneficial
Comfortable collaborative tools such with Google docs

Personal

Keen to learn and increase knowledge
Self-motivated and ability to work alone or as part of team
Strong problem solver
Committed and enthusiastic, quality of work and getting the job done is your motivator.

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent, Freelance
Salary: £25,000.00-£40,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Flexitime

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Experience:

WordPress: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in RingwoodFlexitime