
C++ Software Developer Stockport (Remote Hybrid - Upon Completion of Training) £43,000 to £53,000 + 26 Days Holiday + Pension + Progression  This is a fantastic opportunity for a C++ Developer to join a well-established Software based company providing bespoke solutions to global manufacturing companies, that are looking for an ambitious C++ Developer looking to hit the ground running in a long-term career.  The company are an industry-leading manufacturing and software business specialising in bespoke products and manufacturing applications. Utilizing the developed in-house Software design product to provide bespoke solutions used across the world of Engineering.  In this role you will be trained up on the in-house Software products; once brought up to speed, you will get stuck in with a variety of day to day tasks varying from maintenance, development and creation of software solutions to bug fixing customers or colleagues issues.  The ideal candidate will come from a degree educated background in Computer Science or similar subjects & be confident in using C++/C. C# and CAD/CAM experience would be beneficial.  Amazing opportunity for a graduate to come on-board and get hand-on experience within the Software industry & the change to progression their career  The Role:

 Providing functionality and bug fixes to both clients & colleagues
 Playing an active role in all aspects of the Product Development Cycle with Bespoke Software Products
 Planning, designing and developing future features

 The Person:

 Degree educated from Computer Science or similar subjects
 Confident in using C++ & C
 Commutable to Stockport
 Full UK Drivers Licence 

Reference Number: BBBH185019  To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please click "Apply Now" or contact Nina-Rose Cunliffe at Rise Technical Recruitment.  Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd acts an employment agency for permanent roles and an employment business for temporary roles.  The salary advertised is the bracket available for this position. The actual salary paid will be dependent on your level of experience, qualifications and skill set. We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates.
