
ABOUT THE JOB

Junior Developer
 £25,000 - £35,000 Depending on Experience
 Permanent / Office Based
 Monday – Friday 09:00 – 17:00
 Hyde, Cheshire

 Proman is working with a large manufacturing business who is looking to appoint a Junior Developer on a full-time, permanent basis. Our client is going through exciting changes in their technology department to modernise, refresh their systems and therefore require an enthusiastic Junior Develop/Applications Engineer to join the team!

 Junior Developer
 The purpose of the role will be to take an end-to-end, process-based approach to delivering inspiring solutions for sustained profitable growth. 
The ideal candidate will compe from a manufacturing background and have been through migrating Microsoft Dynamics AX to Dynamics 365 F&O.
 
Benefits


 Auto enrolled into our Stakeholder Pension Scheme (company contributes 4%).
 28 days holiday (including statutory, rising by one day over five years, with each completed year of service.
 Life Assurance covering your annual salary.
 Subsidised canteen offering freshly cooked meals and sandwiches every day.
 Free car parking.
 Access to our Employee Assistance Programme, offering counselling support, legal guidance, and medical advice from qualified nurses, for you and your immediate family.
 Mental Health First Aiders available to provide support and guidance.
 Discounted Gym Membership.
 Discounted products, upon successful completion of your Probationary Period.
 Peer to Peer Recognition Programme.
 Free Flu Jab voucher every Autumn.
 Christmas Savings Scheme.
 NHS Health Checks.


 Junior Developer
 Main duties and responsibilities:


 Working within a team and reporting to senior members of the team. You will be involved in numerous business enhancing activities which require design, solution, development and testing.
 Develop knowledge and skills to serve as a point of contact.
 Be a subject matter expert for core business applications and databases. Initially AX then advancing to D365.
 Assist in supporting workshops to understand requirements and develop solutions.
 Contribute to change, design, and development cycles for application updates / enhancements.
 Involved in performing software upgrades and patching and complete testing.
 Opportunity to develop by contributing throughout the project life cycle, taking ownership Projects and Requests through to timely resolution and stakeholder satisfaction.


 Junior Developer
 Key job requirements:


 Practical experience in application end-to-end development and maintenance.
 Working knowledge of creating Apps using data sources and across multiple platforms.
 Display a passion for finding solutions to critical problems and be able to recognise opportunities for continual improvement.
 Been involved in requirements gathering for both current and future-state.
 Comfortable in delivering to tight deadlines, work in an efficient manner.
 Be able to communicate and work well within a team or independently. Desirables: 
Experience and understanding of databases design and queries.
 Microsoft applications end-to-end development and maintenance experience e.g., AX, D365, Azure, etc. 
knowledge of Microsoft 365 security and User Administration
 knowledge of wider Microsoft technology (SQL, Power BI / CRM / Office)
 ERP knowledge, maintaining and enhancing an ERP across a range of departments and sites.


 Junior Developer
 PROMAN acts as an employment agency for permanent staff and an employment business for temporary workers. We recruit for roles based in Engineering, Technical, Warehousing, Manufacturing, Office, Logistics and Industrial.
 View our latest jobs today on our website http://www.proman-uk.com/ and follow us on LinkedIn.

 ComH

 The UK has now left the European Union. Any EU, EEA or Swiss citizens living in the UK that wish to remain in the UK post Brexit need to apply to the EU Settlement Scheme. Although the closing date for applications was 30th Jun 2021, if you have not yet applied but believe that you would qualify under the EU Settlement Scheme, the Home Office have confirmed that they will consider late applications. For further information please see https://www.gov.uk/browse/visas-immigration/eu-eea-swiss Many Thanks


