2nd Line Support Analyst / Web Developer – Candidates will have a minimum 2+ years (ideally more) 2nd/ 3rd Line Support experience with any previous Application Support and Financial / Banking highly beneficial.
Whilst predominantly a Support Role, ideal candidates will also have some knowledge of Web Development – even if it’s dated with some experience of JavaScript and PHP … although any other language / framework will be considered – React, Angular, Python, TypeScript, HTML, or CSS.
Candidates must have strong Windows 10 / 11 Desktop Support, Office Applications (2013 to 2019) and Exchange / Office 365 with some knowledge of JIRA, AWS or other Cloud based products advantageous.
You’ll also have a core knowledge of Windows Server - 2012, 2016, 2019 including Active Directory and Group Policy for managing user accounts with any Windows Deployment Server and a general awareness of Networking in a Switched Environment - TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, GPO’s, LAN/WAN all beneficial.
Ideally used to working in an SLA / ITIL driven environment, able to monitor and restore back-ups and generate reports. You'll be involved in the management of Application / Access Security (firewall, anti-virus, e-mail filters) and able to install, configure and troubleshoot devices / printers.
You will have excellent communication skills, able to deal with users at all levels on the phone, via e-mail and face to face.
None Essential Skills:
Any Application Support the Financial / Banking / Brokerage Sector supporting Market Data Feeds / Trade Floor Support (Reuters, Bloomberg) along with any Linux Systems Administration and Scripting (Python, PowerShell), along with a core knowledge of Databases (Oracle and SQL) advantageous.
You will be working in a dynamic Financial environment and the client is seeking a motivated individual with the right attitude and aptitude. Not essential but any MCP, MCDST, MCITP, MCSA, MCSE accreditation all beneficial as is any Citrix and Cisco experience and a sense of humour and ability to interact well and get on with others essential.
This role is as much about attitude and aptitude and being able to demonstrate a genuine desire to learn than it is the current skillset. The salary range will vary on experience and the amount of training a candidate may require to bring them up to speed.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £35,000.00-£52,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company events
Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Private medical insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Yearly bonus

Work Location: In person
Reference ID: IND/CHELM/SUPP