
Python Developer {MOD, Defence}
 Bristol/Hybrid
 £35,000 to £45,000 + Training +Progression + Hybrid + Company Benefits
 Are you a Python Developer looking to join a leading global engineering, aerospace, and defence company? 
Do you want to work on exciting and bespoke projects for organisations such as the MOD? Do you want clear progression and the opportunity to push your career to the next level?
 On offer, is an exciting opportunity for a Python Developer to join one of the world's largest engineering, aerospace and defence businesses working on global projects for organisations such as the MOD.
 Playing an integral part of a highly skilled multi-disciplined team, you will be working across numerous projects, and collaborating on technology solutions from the early phases of design through to fielded solutions.
 The ideal Python Developer would have prior industry experience with Python and an interest in configuring IP Networks, looking for a role offering and abundance of training and progression opportunities
 The Role

 Developing web applications for desktop and mobile devices
 Implementing Cloud based systems that perform complex data processing
 Support for IoT Edge device integration

 The Person

 Python experience
 Background/experience in IP, TCP/UDP, DNS, HTTPs, HTTP, and DHCP network fundamentals
 British Citizen due to security clearance.

 Keywords: Developer, Junior Developer, Python, C#, C++, Training, Progression, Hybrid, Remote, System Integration
 Reference Number: BBBH6512
 If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV.
 We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates. The salary advertised is a guideline for this position. The offered renumeration will be dependent on the extent of your experience, qualifications, and skill set.
 Ernest Gordon Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job, you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at our website.
