
Graduate C++ Developer (Film and TV)
 Newbury 

£25,000 - £35,000 + Excellent training + Career Progression 
  
 Are you a Graduate C++ Software Developer looking for training on some of the most exciting tech on the market, where only a handful of companies have a license to use it? 
  
 On offer is the chance to join a progressive, cutting-edge company where you will be working with the subject matter experts for C++ and AV products for their next-generation product suite.
  
 Exceptional in house training is provided to help the successful candidate springboard their career from a Junior Engineer to a Thought Leader in the C++ division.
  
 This company is looking for someone that will grow with the business into a key position, after a successful decade they are looking to organically grow and train a new developer to help deliver best in class software.
  
 The ideal C++ Developer will be someone from a scientific, engineering or film/ media background that has a passion for coding.
  
 THE ROLE:
  

Work alongside the experts to develop new code from scratch
Help solve some of the most complex challenges in the field 
Develop the QT Framework 

 THE PERSON:
  

Have a degree in Scientific, Engineering or Film and Media 
Have a passion for C++ Coding
Analytical and problem-solving mindset

 Reference BBBH7749
  
 Keywords: Junior, Graduate, Electronics, Film, Media, C++, Problem Solving, Software, Qt, Mac, Linux, Windows, Operating Systems,
  
 If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV.
  
 We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates. The salary advertised is a guideline for this position. The offered renumeration will be dependent on the extent of your experience, qualifications, and skill set.
  
 Ernest Gordon Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job, you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at our website.
 
