
Salary: £50k - 70k per year + Benefits
 
Reference: COR5048/1
 
 Software Engineer, Python, Django, Flask, CI/CD, GitLab, Oxford, COR5048


 The Role
 This is an excellent Software Engineer role, working for a company with a growing reputation in their field. The Software Engineer will use knowledge of Python and relevant frameworks such as Django or Flask, CI/CD and Linux, to work on the design, development and implementation of new components and features within the platform team.

 The Company
 The Software Engineer will join a scientific R&D company with a ground-breaking product; which is already changing lives across the world (and has the capacity to impact millions more!). This is an exceptional company, full of talented people trying to solve challenging and meaningful problems. The Software Engineer will contribute to a supportive team environment, which rewards hard work and innovative thinking. The current work pattern in place is hybrid working, to be agreed directly with the successful candidate.

 Benefits
 Some of the benefits on offer for the Software Engineer, include:

 Discretionary bonus
  24 days holiday + Bank Holiday
  Private Healthcare


 What’s Required?
 The Ideal candidate for the role will have some of the following:


Strong experience with Python and relevant frameworks such as Django, Flask or similar
  A good understanding of CI/CD using GitLab and sound experience with Linux - ideally this will be Ubuntu but other flavours of Linux are fine too!
  Any experience within a similar SME sized environment or experience within R&D would also be advantageous


 The list above is important, but not as important as hiring the right person! So if you don't meet all of the criteria above, but feel the role is of interest, please apply or get in touch today to discuss further.

 So What's Next?
 If you are a Software Engineer currently, or looking to harness your career in this direction, and would like to know more about this excellent opportunity; apply now for immediate consideration!

 Software Engineer, Python, Django, Flask, CI/CD, GitLab, Oxford, Hybrid, COR5048

 Corriculo Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. #indmed #INDDEV

