
Robert Half is recruiting for an interim Frontend React Developer to join a leading subscription experience platform to start ASAP.
 
**** This role is outside IR35****
 
ROLE: React Developer - Frontend React
 
LENGTH 4- 6 Months
 
LOCATION Must be UK based - 

PAY £550 per day outside IR35
 

About the Position
 In the role of Senior React.js Developer, you'll be responsible for developing features and bug fixes and regularly contributing to sprints. you will be responsible for developing and implementing user interface components using React.js concepts. Over the coming months, you'll have the opportunity to work on making our rules builder an exportable library, updating graphical interfaces and implementing style guidelines.
 
As Senior React.js Developer you'll

 Develop and implement front-end architecture to support user interface concepts
 Complete code reviews
 Take part in daily standups
 Work with development teams and product managers to ideate software solutions
 Build the front-end of applications through appealing visual design
 Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency
 Write technical documentation

 
We are looking for -
 

Senior experience as a software engineer working on the front-end of a Web application using React.js
 In-depth knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and other front-end languages
 Experience implementing UX design into code
 Experience unit-testing code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability
 Good knowledge of version control tools

 
ASAP Start Date
 4- 6 Months
 Rate: £550 Outside IR35
 
If this is of interest, please apply and I'll be in touch asap.
 
Thanks,
 
Taryn
 Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. Rates of pay and salary ranges are dependent upon your experience, qualifications and training. If you wish to apply, please read our Privacy Notice describing how we may process, disclose and store your personal data: roberthalf.co.uk/legal-information/privacy-notice.
 Security alert: scammers are currently targeting jobseekers. Robert Half do not ask candidates for a fee or request candidates to send applications through instant messaging services such as WhatsApp or Telegram. Learn how to protect yourself by visiting our website: roberthalf.co.uk/fraud-alert
