Python Developer (AWS) 
£85,000 + Benefits; stocks, Bonus etc 


️ Hybrid Remote (2-3 days per month in the London office)
 Fintech 

 Passion for Data and the Fintech sector? 

 Love working with Python/AWS? 

 A specialist Fintech SME that provides advanced data analytics; cracking complex, challenging problems in big data and financial markets is looking for a Python/AWS Developer to join their Data team. You’d be joining a small but efficient team, building greenfield applications and report into the Head of Data. 

 You would be working with a very modern stack of Python, AWS and Linux, developing AWS-based applications, as well as architecting/building new products including their own data analytics platform. With recent success/investment, the company is scaling across multiple departments, and this is a great opportunity to join a respected Fintech as they enter hyper growth phase. 

 The company recently secured Series B investment, and have won awards for being Lead Data Provider. 

 The role is hybrid remote, with 2/3 per month in the London office. 

 An ideal candidate with have around five years of experience with Python, Linux and AWS, with experience in production level big data batch pipelines (AWS). 

 You’ll be looking to grow their financial cloud, data skills. A Finance/Fintech background would be an advance but is not essential. 


Benefits: What's in it for you? 



Salary up to £90,000
10% Bonus Scheme
Career development and training budget
Highly collaborative team and talent Leaderships
Focused on success, well-being and career development
Hybrid remote working (2/3 times per month in the London office)
Pension, Holiday, Flexible working

Role:
 The company is constantly adding new financial datasets to their platform, and you’d be highly involved in the engineering of their pipeline, which is built using a distributed architecture. 

 Because of this, you’d need a high level of experience in production-level big data batch pipelines on AWS and very strong experience with developing on a Linux platform. 

 They use a modern Cloud based tech stack, which includes Airflow, Python, Celery, EMR, Data Warehouses/Data Lakes (S3, PostgreSQL, Snowflake) and Grafana. 

 Some responsibilities include; 



Designing the solution, building and delivering completed functionality to production
Drive improvements in all areas (data tooling, deployment, data quality, testing and CI)
Own the full scope of assigned development projects
