MKM Building Supplies is the largest independent builder’s merchant in the UK, with a current network of over 100 branches and growing, allowing us to serve our local Trade and Retail communities.
With our unique business model, which sees Branch Directors run their branches for their local markets, there is a highly empowered culture resulting in branches outperforming their competitors by some way. Our team in Digital & Marketing is part of our Central Support function which mirrors the Branches with a highly empowered approach.
We are supported by one of the best private equity firms in the world, Bain Capital. With the drive and determination from the entire MKM team, the business it set to continue its ambitious growth plans, opening at least 15 new branches a year and outperforming the market by some way.
About the position: With significant investment in our Digital capacity, there’s no better time to join the business and be part of our talent wheel and play a key part in our DevOps team. As a Front End Developer would work very closely with our central support business functions and branch network developing improvements to our ecommerce tech stack along with a number of other digital products to support our online business growth.
We have ambitious plans for our enterprise level ecommerce platform with a culture that encourages and supports experimentation, welcomes fast failure/learning and provides the opportunities to get a seat at the table making big decisions that will shape the company's direction.
We are based in Hull, East Yorkshire, however, we’re open to flexible working arrangements for the right candidate. Team fit is really important to us and we’re looking for a real people person who can bring positive energy, ambition and results to the table.
Our unique tech-stack is industry leading and the world’s first deployment of VueStoreFront, BigCommerce, Bloomreach and Kerridge K8 ERP, allowing us to provide a platform with best-in-class CMS, search and personalisation functionalities.
Main duties and responsibilities will include:
· Engineering mobile first presentation layers that respond consistently across all devices and browsers using the latest front-end methods
· Collaborate closely with UX to ensure the highest standard of experience is delivered to the end user
· Develop front-end experiences around the user with the highest standards of search, accessibility and HTML compliance in mind including writing automated tests
· Contribute to ideation and design workshops to ensure technological feasibility is considered during the design process
· Integrating to new APIs to add functionality and extend the system
Skills required:
· At least 3 years of commercial experience in VueJS and Laravel (or similar framework [Symfony etc.])
· Experience with PHP, JavaScript, OOP and TDD
· Experience with an SSR framework, SQL and NoSQL databases
· Git (BitBucket with JIRA is a bonus)
· Experience with a mobile app framework (React Native or similar) - beneficial
· Experience in Headless ecommerce platforms/functionality - beneficial
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Benefits:

Company pension
Employee discount
Enhanced maternity leave
Enhanced paternity leave
Life insurance
Sick pay
Store discount

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Performance bonus

Ability to commute/relocate:

Kingston upon Hull, HU8 8DE: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Kingston upon Hull, HU8 8DE
Reference ID: High