
Backend Software Engineer / Developer (C# .Net Core AWS) London / WFH to £110k+
 Are you a skilled backend focussed Backend Software Engineer looking for an opportunity to work with a modern, cloud based tech stack?
 You could be progressing your career in a senior hands-on role at a Hedge Fund that invests in the sports betting markets.
 Your role:
 As a Backend Software Engineer you will join a talented Agile development team working on a Greenfield project to design and develop cutting edge Cloud (AWS) based systems to manage large data sets which process updates in real-time with high throughput and low latency.
 You'll be working in small Agile teams, Pair Programming, ensuring that code is of the highest quality and that solutions are well tested and will be empowered to recommend and make changes and improvements.
 WFH Policy:
 You'll be based in fantastic offices in a vibrant area of London with in-house gym and steam room, games room with pool tables and dart boards, library and free high quality catering (breakfast, lunch, dinner) from the onsite chef with flexibility to work from home two days a week.
 Requirements:

 You have strong C# .Net design and development experience on large scale, distributed systems
 You have experience with AWS cloud services and Kubernetes
 You have a good understanding of working with event streams and event sourcing (e.g. CQRS, EventStore, Kafka, NoSQL)
 You have experience of high frequency and highly responsive systems
 You're a collaborative team member with excellent communication skills; continual learner and keen to share knowledge with others
 The team is also using Microsoft Orleans so an interest in that would also be of benefit

 Salary & benefits:
 As a Backend Software Engineer / Developer you will earn a competitive salary (to £110k) plus a range of perks and benefits including:

 Significant bonus
 Pension
 Private medical care and wellness days
 Training and conference budget to support your personal development

 Apply now or call to find out more about this Backend Software Engineer / Developer (C# .Net Core Kubernetes AWS Microsoft Orleans) opportunity.
 At Client Server we believe in a diverse workplace that allows people to play to their strengths and continually learn. We're an equal opportunities employer whose people come from all walks of life and will never discriminate based on race, colour, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The clients we work with share our values.
