
About the Appello Group 


We are committed to transforming lives through technology enabled care services, blending the expertise in our monitoring centre with the latest digital technology being created by ourselves and our partners. As the UK's largest telecare monitoring and digital equipment provider, we support over 300,000 vulnerable people in our communities to live safer, happier, and more enriched lives.

 Our journey of supporting housing, health and social care dates back to 24th June 1988 when we took our first emergency call from our Head Office in New Milton, Hampshire. With a team of just five employees, we were pioneers for emergency monitoring within the housing sector. Over the next decade our business grew considerably as did our team.

 The Appello Group now consists of many brands, including, Appello and Careline365, all are equally pivotal in our continued growth and commitment to improving the safety and wellbeing of our communities.

 Today, we operate from multiple locations across the UK, with offices in Hampshire, Wiltshire, and Norfolk, and a team of remote workers all over the UK.



Position: 
SIP Developer - Hybrid (Bracknell) 
Up to £50,000pa dependant on experience 
Monday - Friday 9am -5pm

 Appello are looking for an accomplished developer, with excellent technical skills and experience or keen interest in the design and development of SIP-based solutions using tools such as Freeswitch. You should be experienced in designing and delivering SIP based solutions and devising integration strategies and solutions for customer safety critical environments and have a working knowledge of ODP (Open Development Platform).

 You must have a passion for your chosen specialist areas and be actively striving to improve your skills, both at work and in your personal interests. You can expect to thrive in a demanding technical environment that offers challenging and rewarding development work and derive a sense of satisfaction from in getting the job done and delivering business value.
 Requirements: 
The ideal candidate will have the following requirements ....

 Technical design and delivery of enhancements to Appello’s core product offering and hosted services.



 "Hands on" development and technical leadership and the mentoring of less experienced developers. Provide technical direction and support to expand Appello’s product offering and expertise to the development team and the rest of the business.



 Participate in all stages of the development lifecycle of the product, including requirements gathering, functional and technical designs, as well as programming and testing.



 Act in a client-facing capacity as and when the need arises.



 Offer second line assistance to the client support team, and in so doing, resolve client reported issues in a responsive and timely manner.



 Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems


 Experience 
Essential 

SIP Telephony
Client/Server architectures
IP Networking technologies

Desirable 

Web development
RDBMS
Cloud technologies especially AWS
Working knowledge of ODP (Open Development Platform)
CentOS Linux – admin/config
NodeJS and event-based programming

Personal Attributes
 Essential

Ability to produce quality technical documentation and user guides as required
Champion of company standards
Leads by example
Self motivated with a need to complete tasks
Open, honest and trustworthy
Positive ‘can do’ attitude
Flexible approach to workload and deadline pressures
A willingness to learn new skills and technologies
Ability to prioritise / multitask
Organised and imaginative in problem solving
An awareness of the big picture

Desirable

 Strong communication skills especially when dealing with clients and including presentation skills


 Qualifications & Training 
Essential 

3 years in a software product development environment – preferably in IP telephony.
Ability to design and build mission critical solutions that are highly resilient, fault tolerant and scalable.

Desirable 

Ideally a degree in a related computer or networking discipline or suitable industry experience.


 Skills & Special Knowledge 
Essential 

Understanding of IP telephony technologies and call routing
VoIP SIP and RTP Telephony protocols
NodeJS and asynchronous programming
IP routing, TCP/UDP, Multicast
Working knowledge of HTML/CSS/Javascript
Security and authentication standard methodologies
Audio and video codecs, and their common issues
Configuration Management and automation
Cloud-based infrastructures

Desirable 

Web development – HTML/CSS/Javascript
RDBMS - MariaDB/MySQL
Cloud technologies

DHCP, DNS, TLS, SQL, IPv4/IPv6, SNMP
 FreeSWITCH, GitHub, VMware-NSX
 TR-069, Redis, OAuth
 Open Source CRM

SIP over UDP/TCP/TLS/WebRTC/RTP/SRTP/SDP
Experience with large VoIP production environments
ACD Routing


 Other information: 
Appello Perks what we can offer you ...

25 days annual leave
We offer you discounts on everything from groceries and shopping through to holidays, insurance, days out, restaurants and more
24/7 employee assistance programme
Family and friends’ discounts on our services & products
Pension Scheme, up to 4% Company matched
Discretionary Company Sick Pay
Life assurance 2x annual salary
Private Medical Insurance - Personal Cover



 Ready to join our team?
 To apply, you'll need to do the following:

 Upload CV (Word doc or PDF files only) to include educational background information and work experience


 We are committed to equal opportunities and welcome applicants regardless of religious beliefs, political opinion, race, sex, marital status, age or disability.
 If you require assistance to participate in the recruitment process, for example due to disability, please contact the Careers Team on 01425 626337.

 APPIND
