
 Front End Developer (Java)
  Blackburn - Office based
  £33,000 - £38,000 + 26 Days Holiday plus Bank Hols + Pension + Life Insurance + Free Parking
 
 This is a great opportunity for a Junior Front End Developer who has knowledge of Java, JavaScript or C# to gain on-the-job training with a clear path of progression to become a go-to expert Full Stack Developer within a rapidly expanding manufacturing company that will invest both time and money into you.
 
 This manufacturer are a market leader in digital traceability systems and they are currently rapidly expanding and have a reputation within the industry as being a leader in excellence and quality. They are now actively looking for a new junior member of the team that they can nurture and invest in. Through training and progression, you can become a technical expert within a year, all whilst receiving excellent benefits.
 
 Within this role, you will begin working on smaller projects as you train and progress your skills under the watchful eyes of more senior members of the team. You will be mentored and trained to develop your Java skills and eventually transition into formulating client websites from scratch. By working mainly with Java, HTML, CSS, C#, .NET, JavaScript and SQL; you will be based in the large Blackburn office within a buzzing collaborative team environment.
 
 The ideal candidate will be proficient in HTML and CSS, with hands-on commercial experience working with Java, JavaScript or C#.
 
 This is an excellent opportunity for a junior Front End Developer with a passion for development to gain further training and become a go-to expert. Apply today and take the first step towards an exciting new career!
 
 The Role:
 

Writing Front End Development Language JavaScript whilst working with Databases such as MySQL
Learn to build end-to-end features, fix bugs and improve infrastructure
Mainly using HTML, CSS, C# .Net, ASP .Net, JavaScript and MySQL
Working on small projects to start with - progressing to bigger ones as your skills improve
£33,000 - £38,000 + 26 Days Holiday + Pension + Life Insurance
Office-based, Monday to Friday

 The Person:
 

Familiar with CSS and HTML
Commercial experience with Java, JavaScript or C#
Commutable to Blackburn

 Reference Number: BBBH186284
 
 To apply for this role or to be considered for further roles, please click "Apply Now" or contact Nina-Rose Cunliffe at Rise Technical Recruitment.
 
 Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent roles and an employment business for temporary roles.
 
 The salary advertised is the bracket available for this position. The actual salary paid will be dependent on your level of experience, qualifications, and skill set. We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates.
