
Your mission


 About AppFox
 


 We are a fast-growing team that develops innovative, cutting-edge software that makes a difference. AppFox is the product team at Automation Consultants responsible for building cutting edge software and apps that transform leading collaboration tools. Our apps are used by over 1,500 companies worldwide to make a difference to their business. Our customers include globally recognised brands such as Deloitte, Goldman Sachs and Mercedes-Benz.
 

 The Role
 


 Working as part of our development team, you will perform Full Stack development across a range of products. As well as supporting and improving our existing applications, you will also generate new ideas for the team and produce new products.
 




  Responsibilities and Duties:
 


 Perform front and back-end development on products and applications 
Assist in the design of new products, and interfaces in existing products – e.g. Optro Market
 Share knowledge and new methods with the team 
Software testing (unit and front-end)
 Get involved with the management of infrastructure (AWS, Docker)
 Ongoing training and accreditations in the latest tools and technologies 
Implement bug fixes to existing products
 Represent the team at numerous international events


 Your profile
 

  Qualifications and Skills:
 






     Essential
    





     Nice to have
    







     Experience using a variety of programming Languages, frameworks and tools including at least two of the following; Java, JavaScript, Python, C, C#, C++, SQL or Groovy
    





     Experience of using or administering Atlassian software such as Jira, Trello and Confluence.
    







     A Computer Science based degree with a 2:1 minimum
    





     Experience working with public Cloud solutions, such as AWS, Azure or GCP.
    







     Significant knowledge of algorithms and data structures
    




     Demonstrable personal development projects – e.g., GitHub and Open Source
    








     The passion for development, with the desire to collaborate with the team and generate new ideas
    






Why us?


   We know that here at Automation Consultants, our team members are the best in the industry. So, we do everything we can to take care of them. We offer ongoing training and professional development, tailored to the individual’s ambitions, as well as creating a team that learn from one another. We offer challenging projects within a supportive team and believe that your skills should always be growing
 


 Salary and Benefits: £35,000 - £40,000 Per Annum
 


 33 days holiday (including bank holidays)
 Private Healthcare
 Dental Insurance
 Enhanced Maternity & Paternity plans
 Pension Scheme
 Dedicated ongoing training plan and budget
 Flexible working hours and environment
 Access to the Electric Car Scheme
 Automation Consultant's Cycle to Work Scheme
 Top Spec Machine and access to virtual test lab
 Onsite gym, showers, yoga lessons and more.
 A subscription to Perkbox (dozens of offers, discounts, free gadget insurance, 2 for 1 cinema tickets, etc.)
 Regular company-wide events, team social events, including Hackathons and competitions

 Automation Consultants are a leading, dynamic and forward-thinking company in the technology industry. We work with a number of companies across the UK, delivering industry recognised automation solutions, software development and technical support. We are a fast-growing company currently recruiting in a number of roles. We pride ourselves on our contemporaneity and innovation and welcome applications from ambitious, energetic and driven individuals.
