
Web Developer {NLP, AI, FAKE NEWS}
 London, Remote
 £50,000 to £70,000 + Company Benefits + Progression
 Do you have what it takes to be a Lead Software Engineer who specialises in web applications using JavaScript? Do you want to work in a forward thinking, cutting-edge, disruptive AI start up, revolutionising the way the world communicates and targeting FAKE NEWS?
 On offer is a unique opportunity for an ambitious Software Engineer to join a fast-paced, dynamic and forward-thinking tech-start-up. At the heart of modern culture, you will play a key role in the future development of the business and its core technological road map as it plays a huge role globally in revolutionising the way the world communicates, targeting FAKE NEWS through AI.
 In this role, the successful Software Engineer will be responsible for bringing new ideas to the business, advising on crucial business decision as well as liaising with external investors, stakeholders to assist in the growth of the business, its technological road map and ultimately its pursuit against FAKE NEWS.
 The ideal Lead Software Engineer would have a good prior experience working in a leadership role and specialising in NLP. Be extremely hungry, ambitious and driven and keen to make a change in the world. This role would suit someone who feels they are limited in their current role and feels they have more to give.
 IS THIS YOU..? 
The Role

 Running of financial operations.
 Liaising with key internal and external stakeholders
 Growing the business.

 The Person

 Leadership Experience.
 Specialist in Web Applications.
 Ambitious and driven.
 Want to work in a start-up environment.
 Happy to work remotely.

 Keywords: Machine Learning Engineer, Senior Software Engineer, Team Lead, Start Up, AI, Artificial Intelligence, NLP, Fake News, Python Developer, Web Application, Web Developer
 If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV.
 We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates. The salary advertised is a guideline for this position. The offered renumeration will be dependent on the extent of your experience, qualifications, and skill set.
 Ernest Gordon Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job, you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at our website.
