

  Global OTT Technology
 

   Our team develops and supports outstanding video streaming services, underpinned by innovative engineering principles. We do this at huge scale: for over 50 million customers globally, spanning NBCUniversal Peacock in the US and Sky, NOW and Sky Showtime across Europe. No matter the device, the time or the place, we make sure that our diverse audiences can easily find and enjoy whatever they want to watch, choosing from the world’s best entertainment, news and sport.
 

   As a software developer you will be responsible for building tools and solutions to be utilised across sky technology. Our solutions are service oriented applications, services are implemented in Python (and, to a lesser extent, Golang).
 

   What you'll do
 

 Design and build service oriented applications
 Build REST API clients/servers
 Maintain and improve the codebase of our existing tools


   What you’ll bring
 

 Self-motivated and proactive engineer who can work with minimal direction.
 Object-oriented code design
 Python development
 Database technologies (Ideally Postgres)
 Version control tools like git/GitHub
 CI/CD practices and tools
 Experience with Golang


   The rewards
 

   There's one thing people can't stop talking about when it comes to #LifeAtSky: the perks. Here’s a taster:
 

 Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
 The magic of Sky Glass at an outstanding rate
 A generous pension package
 Private healthcare
 Discounted mobile and broadband
 A wide range of Sky VIP rewards and experiences


   How you’ll work – hybrid working
 

   The world has changed. And so have we. We’ve embraced hybrid working and split our time between outstanding office spaces and the convenience of working from home.
 

   You’ll find out more about what hybrid working looks like for your role later on in the recruitment process.
 

   Your office space
 

   Osterley
 

   Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There are also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
 

   On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed, and even get pampered at our beauty salon.
 

   We'd love to hear from you
 

   Inventive, forward-thinking minds come together to work in Tech, Product and Data at Sky. It’s a place where you can explore what if, how far, and what next.
 

   But better doesn’t stop at what we do, it’s how we do it, too. We embrace each other’s differences. We support our community and contribute to a sustainable future for our business and the planet.
 

   If you believe in better, we’ll back you all the way.
 

   Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.
 
