
Back End Magento Developer    Back End Magento Developer  UK Remote - Bournemouth once a quarter  £40,000 - £75,000  Your new company  My client are a specialist e-commerce agency that are market leaders in their field. They have worked on over 400 stores ensuring that they are all as quality and unique as their clients, they have won multiple awards and are proud of the quality sites that they produce. They offer true consultancy and work with clients to ensure that they are providing them a bespoke and cutting-edge platform.  Your new role  You will join the company as a back end Magento developer. You will work with the team to develop quality e-commerce platforms for their clients whilst also maintaining previous sites. You will develop custom modules and oversee the integration and customisation of third-party modules. The right person will have experience developing more junior developers and supporting their learning as you will join as an experienced Magento developer. The role is back end but there will be very minimal front end.  What you'll need to succeed 

Magento
 PHP
 Good problem solving
 Creative
 HTML
 CSS
 Experience in Git
 Deployment tools

 What you'll get in return  You will join a company at the top of the industry who are focused and driven. The products you will work on are exciting and cutting edge whilst ensuring that the work is challenging. You will receive a competitive salary and generous holiday. The role is UK remote but there is an expectation to be in their Bournemouth office once a quarter to put a face to a name.  What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
 Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk
