Location: Hybrid
Salary Details: £50,000-£60,000 DoE
About The Role
This role is hybrid and requires visits to the Stroud office roughly once a month.Ecotricity is looking for an experienced Full Stack Developer.
Our entire business relies on digital channels but the truth is we're only getting started. We need developers who want to use their aptitude for building awesome products to help us reverse climate change and enable everyone to live sustainably.
We are leaders in the UK energy sector, and are looking for candidates that are comfortable operating across all of the following disciplines:

Infrastructure management (via Infrastructure as Code Tools)
DevOps (CI/CD tools)
Software Development
2nd Line Tech Support

About You
Knowledge and experience:

Significant contribution to two or more successful tech team(s) and/or project(s)
Experience building, maintaining and deploying web and server side applications
Success consistently managing 3 or more AWS services over a 1 year + period
Successful understanding and implementation of Agile methodologies in real world/work scenarios.
An ability to setup, modify or extend CI/CD pipelines with one or more CI providers
A propensity to quickly learn and pickup new programming languages and/or frameworks
A proven track record of understanding a codebase (new to you) with minimal hand-holding.
A habit of writing code as documentation
A proven habit and preference of test driven development
A good understanding of software design principles and design patterns

We're all but sold if you can demonstrate two or more of the following:

Proven experience with at least one infrastructure as code tool
Collaboration on one or more open source projects
Experience building, maintaining and deploying mobile applications on either or both of iOS & Android platforms
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner at any level
An ability to step up and lead a team if the situation demands it
You've worked as a developer in one or more established companies for a total of 4 or more years
You've built personal and professional projects in over 5 languages, frameworks and/or libraries
You've built both frontend and backend applications
You've been responsible for writing at least 70% of the code across both frontend and backend on a single project in the last 2 - 3 years.
You are well versed in Agile methodologies, not just as a bystander, but as a participant.
You don't just follow, but you love to contribute to and (sometimes) drive discussions
You secretly don't mind the seemingly "boring" aspects of software development like documentation
You're fully sold on automation within a software development context and you're known for automating development operations by your peers and colleagues

Tech Stack (Skills & Technologies Required)
In addition to Node JS, Jest, CI/CD Pipelins & Serverless, our ideal candidate should be comfortable with at least 14/20 of the technologies listed below:

React JS
PostgreSQL
Headless CMS (e.g. Strapi/Contentful)
GraphQL
Docker & Docker Compose
Cloudformation
Jest
Cypress
CI/CD Pipeline Tools (e.g. CircleCI, Jenkins or Azure DevOps)
Terraform
Next JS
Angular JS
Node JS
Bash/Shell Scripting
Serverless
Jira
Microservices & Microservice Architecture
iOS Software Development Life Cycle (Includes IDE, memory management and developer portal)
Android Software Development Life Cycle (Includes IDE, memory management and developer portal)

About Us
What's in it for you...
Healthcare plan, life assurance and generous pension contributionVolunteering dayHybrid workingVarious company discounts (including shops, days out and events)Holiday of 25 days (plus bank holidays) & ability to buy/sell daysCycle to work scheme, car pooling and onsite parking available
As a valued member of the team you will be supporting the Group Environmental policy and its associated targets to make the Green Britain Group net carbon neutral by 2025
Flexibility statement
The fast moving nature of the company's business means that from time to time you may be asked to perform duties or tasks outside of your original job description on an ad hoc basis. This allows the company to use it's people in the best possible way at all times and helps the employees to make make their contribution in a changing environment.
Ecotricity is Britain's greenest energy company. When we started back in 1995, we were the first company in the world to provide a new kind of electricity- the green kind.
Our mission was, and remains, to change the way energy is made and used in Britain- by replacing fossil fuels with clean, renewable energy.
We don't just supply green energy, we use the money from our customers' bills to make it ourselves too- we build windmills and sun parks in Britain. We call this 'bills in to mills'. In 2021, we started work on building two new solar parks, and now, in 2023, we're bringing geothermal energy to our customers' fuel mix, a first in the UK. We're also developing green gas mills which will generate 100% green gas from a source that we will never run out of- grass.
We don't just focus on energy though- we built Electric Highways, Britain's leading network of electric vehicle charging points, we helped Forest Green Rovers become the greenest football club in the world, and, in partnership with RSPB, we launched Britain's greenest mobile phone service, Ecotalk + RSPB.
Ecotricity is an equal opportunities employer and is committed to providing equality for all.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £50,000.00-£60,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Additional leave
Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Employee discount
On-site parking

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Stroud: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Stroud
Reference ID: 1622