
Software Engineer - Telford/hybrid - upto £65k- _ bonus
in Telford Shropshire WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FORAs a Software Engineer, you will be getting involved in the design, development & integration of equipment at the system and sub-system levels. This is a varied role which will expose you to lots of different vehicles and systems. Significant drive and energy, strong software engineering skills, and the ability to deliver a diverse programme to demanding time, target cost and quality requirements are essential attributes to succeed. The candidate must be a team player who is prepared to work with a multi-site engineering team within RBSL and the customer community. Position Duties and Responsibilities • Design and implement software solutions which simultaneously fulfil contractual requirements and contribute to cost-effective design. • Assisting in the validation of any software in systems / equipment, which may include the generation of test schedules, test and integration plans and the writing/investigation of technical reports. • Provide support to task planning and estimating. • Liaise with suppliers to ensure compliance to interface definitions and requirements. • Maintain an up to date understanding of technical / engineering developments and apply this knowledge appropriately to the projects in hand. • Contribute to continuous improvement of development methodology and delivery pipeline. • Schedule own work to meet target timescales and deliverable milestones. • Perform self-verification of own tasks to ensure completeness and quality of information. • Undertake peer reviews to ensure completeness and quality of output. • Ensure engineering designs address the following: Safety, Security, Reusability, Reliability, Maintainability WHAT QUALIFICATIONS YOU SHOULD HAVEMust be able to obtain full SC clearance Essential: Degree qualified or equivalent in Computer Science or related subject . Object oriented C++ development experience with knowledge of design patterns. Understanding of UML/SysML. Knowledge of the full software development lifecycle. Ability to develop new software and maintain legacy products. Software verification and testing experience. • Ability to identify and develop new software capabilities required by the business. • Good communication skills. Desirable: Agile development experience. Experience of using some of the following languages: C, C#, Scripting Languages, Java Knowledge of integration and target hardware testing would be advantageous. Development with Data Distribution Service (DDS) or other Ethernet based communication. Windows/Linux Cross Platform Development. Visual Studio 2019/2022. • Linux system configuration. CANbus/MilCAN/J1939 knowledge. Git version control. Youtrack/Jira issue and task tracking. MariaDB/MySQL databases. WHAT WE OFFER YOUOur employees receive a competitive benefits package and work for a growth organisations that offers great opportunities for personal development and career advancement. We also offer a range of additional benefits such as flexible working, an employee assistance programme and Cycle2work. Some employees may also be eligible for an annual incentive.
