Do you have a passion for computers and coding and want to make a career in software development? Want to earn a Level 3 Qualification in Software Development whilst earning a salary? Remit Training is delighted to be recruiting for someone who offers a range of security services ranging from CCTV to Fire Prevention. Sound exciting? Apply today!
Software Development Technician Apprenticeship - Level 3£12,000-14,000Monday to Friday (Flexible Hours)NG8 6PE
We're hiring for a company that specialise in construction site security. They are experts in CCTV and surveillance and can ensure your site, equipment and employees are safe and secured throughout your project. They offer CCTV and surveillance, facilities management, access control and fire prevention services. They have environmentally friendly options and state-of-the-art innovative equipment that proves you can trust them to protect what is so valuable to you.
Roles & Responsibilities:

To code and program CCTV operational data basis
To develop current and new software for customers
Use of C#, HTML and JAVA
To report coding to the line manager on operational use and functionality
Troubleshooting code

Skills Required:

Basic knowledge of computer science
Passion for computers and coding
Knowledge of software platforms
Knowledge of Basic coding principles is desirable not required

Personal Qualities:

Interest in Technology
Focused
Committed
Self-driven
Willing to learn

Qualification Required:

GCSEs in English and Maths at grade C/4 or above

Future Prospects:

The company will also aim to offer the candidate a permanent role after the successful completion of this role.

Transport Links:

Onsite car parking
Tram
Bus

#INDHOST
Job Types: Full-time, Apprenticeship
Salary: £12,000.00-£14,000.00 per year
Benefits:

On-site parking

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Nottingham, NG8 6PE: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Education:

GCSE or equivalent (required)

Work Location: In person