

  .Net Developer 
   £70,000 - £90,000 - (Pay based on experience) + Technical Progression + Pension + Holidays
   Manchester
  
 The opportunity to work within a rapidly expanding technology company, the perfect environment for high class and motivated developers to harness and develop their experience in IT security space.
  
 This position would suit a technically minded developer who wishes to work in a holistic but challenging environment that not only supports its employees but pushes them to the next level.
  
 Established for many years, our client is an industry leading business that creates software that sits within world technology products used across the globe. Growing from strength to strength, this is a business that constantly investing in new technology and most importantly understands the value in supporting its employees in professional career development.
  
 You will be working amongst some of the leading minds in the industry to deliver a quality service, working as a part of a cross functional team working on a variety of projects. Projects will require you to look for ways to improve and innovate the technology to deliver exceptional customer service.
  
 This position is perfect for someone looking more commercial experience in a technically varied role whilst working in a fast moving dynamic business.
  
 The role:
  

Working in across various teams to deliver team quality products / service
Maintain, Improve and secure software
Experience with SQL, Java Script + REST (Helpful but not essential)
Primarily onsite in Brand New Office (Occasional Flexibility)

 The Person:
  

Passionate about software development
First Class Degree qualified in computer science / software engineering or PHD
Experience with .Net (C#) / Java
Commercial development experience
Onsite in Knutsford 



Reference Number:BBBH180670  To apply for this role or to be considered for further roles, please click "Apply Now"  Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent roles and an employment business for temporary roles.  The salary advertised is the bracket available for this position. The actual salary paid will be dependent on your level of experience, qualifications, and skill set. We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates.
