London with wfh opportunities - This is a fantastic opportunity to join an amazing experiential events agency and get stuck in to some truly exciting digital projects! 

 THE COMPANY 

 This company was one of the first truly experiential agencies and since their founding, they have had the privilege of working with many of the world’s leading brands and have built a reputation that has afforded them consistent and organic growth. An experiential event gives a brand the opportunity to spend time with its customers and become part of their life. In their first founding year, they put on seven events, they now oversee a calendar of 5-700 promotions and events per year within sports, film, music & entertainment! 

 THE ROLE 

 A fantastic position has now become available for an experienced Developer / Digital Project Manager to lead on all feature releases for their biggest account - who are a leader in the media and entertainment industry. 


Responsibilities will include:


Ensuring the successful implementation and delivery of all client feature releases from concept to evaluation
Overseeing and maintaining a suite of applications
Collaborating with internal teams, clients and partners to scope, design and implement digital projects end to end
Evaluating and understanding client’s business needs, strategy, policies and practices
Working with clients to help find best solutions to meet the digital project needs
Analysing the success of client campaigns and projects
Produce reports and analytics with supporting evidence
Addressing any digital malfunctions and proactively resolving issues that occur
Developing code in PHP & Javascript
 THE CANDIDATE 

 The ideal candidate will have experience working within a media environment and will have strong experience with PHP, MSQL, Javascript and CSS. 

 You will be joining a social and successful team – who are working with some of the biggest names around! Benefits include a performance related annual bonus scheme, health care, hybrid working and access to tickets and social events. This is certainly an opportunity not to be missed! 

 Live specialises in all disciplines (and at all levels) across events, experiential and exhibitions. If this position isn't quite what you're looking for please visit our website to view all of the opportunities we are recruiting 


Vacancy ref: VH9863 
INDHTF