

  Full Stack Developer (Java)
   Blackburn - Office based
   £35,000 - £40,000 + 26 Days Holiday plus Bank Hols + Pension + Life Insurance + Free Parking
  
 This is a great opportunity for an experienced Full Stack Developer who has knowledge of Java, .Net or C# to gain further on-the-job training with a clear path of progression to become a go-to expert Full Stack Developer within a rapidly expanding manufacturing company that will invest both time and money into you.
  
 This manufacturer are a market leader in digital traceability systems and they are currently rapidly expanding and have a reputation within the industry as being a leader in excellence and quality. They are now actively looking for a new addition to the team who can hit the ground running. Through training and progression, you can become a senior technical expert within a year, all whilst receiving excellent benefits.
  
 Within this role, you will write frontend development language JavaScript and backend Java whilst building end-to-end features, fixing bugs and improving infrastructure. By working mainly with Java, HTML, CSS, C#, .NET, JavaScript and SQL; you will be based in the large Blackburn office within a buzzing collaborative team environment.
  
 The ideal candidate will be an experienced Full Stack Developer proficient in frontend Skills, HTML and CSS; with hands-on commercial experience working with Java, JavaScript or C#.NET.
  
 This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Full Stack Developer to broaden their skills and progress into a Senior position with a market-leading manufacturing company that can look after you long-term!
  
 The Role:
  

Writing Backend Java and Frontend Development Language JavaScript whilst utilising AngularJS and ReactJS
Learn to build end-to-end features, fix bugs and improve infrastructure
Mainly using HTML, CSS, C# .Net, ASP .Net, JavaScript and MySQL
Working on projects with your peers and contribute to the development of new products and technical architecture planning
£35,000 - £40,000 + 26 Days Holiday + Pension + Life Insurance
Office-based, Monday to Friday

 The Person:
  

Familiar with CSS and HTML
Commercial experience with Java, JavaScript or C# .Net
Commutable to Blackburn


 Reference Number: BBBH186282  To apply for this role or to be considered for further roles, please click "Apply Now" or contact Nina-Rose Cunliffe at Rise Technical Recruitment.  Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent roles and an employment business for temporary roles.  The salary advertised is the bracket available for this position. The actual salary paid will be dependent on your level of experience, qualifications, and skill set. We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates.
