
Salary: £40k - 44k per year + Benefits
 
Reference: COR4984/1
 
 Python Developer, Django, SQL, Full-stack, Remote, COR4984

 The Role
 This is an excellent Full-stack Python Developer role, working for a company with a growing reputation in their field. The Full-stack Python Developer will use knowledge of Python, Django and JavaScript, as well as other frontend tech such as HTML & CSS, to support the development of internal and external web applications; adding value and depth to the businesses key offering.

 The Company
 The Full-stack Python Developer will join a company different from many others. Whilst many companies are waking up to the opportunities that their data holds, and are looking to monetise that for their own gain, this company are a a leading healthcare-focused charity, carrying out some of the most important patient and staff surveys in the sector, together with independent research. The Full-stack Python Developer will contribute to a supportive team environment, which rewards hard work and innovative thinking. The current work pattern in place is fully remote, so you can do the role from wherever you like!

 Benefits
 Some of the benefits on offer for the Full-stack Python Developer, include:

 25 days holiday, plus an extra 3 for Christmas
  Life Assurance
  Flexible working


 What’s Required?
 The Ideal candidate for the role will have some of the following:


 Strong experience with Python with experience of its relevant frameworks - Ideally Django but other frameworks such as Flask will do!
  A good understanding of frontend development and frontend tech including JavaScript, HTML & CSS
  Any experience with Docker, security protocols or any experience with databases, PostgreSQL preferred would also be advantageous


 The list above is important, but not as important as hiring the right person! So if you don't meet all of the criteria above, but feel the role is of interest, please apply or get in touch today to discuss further.

 So What's Next?
 If you are a Full-stack Python Developer currently, or looking to harness your career in this direction, and would like to know more about this excellent opportunity; apply now for immediate consideration!
 Python Developer, Django, SQL, Full-stack, Remote, COR4984
 Corriculo Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. #indmed #INDDEV
