IT Developer
Norwich
£35,000 - £50,000 per annum DOE
Full time, permanent role
This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced IT Developer to join an exciting business and develop their career in software development.
Joining a market-leading marketing company, as a Developer, you will gain full involvement in the creation of their in-house software, systems and server administration.
This marketing company have had tremendous success and maintain a renowned status within their specialism. They offer an exceptional work culture and a clear, structured development path is in place to support their teams' ongoing training and progression.
The day to day
· Working closely with the Head of Development, to assist with the development, maintenance and implementation of in-house software applications.
· Working with recognised packages and development tools, to deliver a high level of service which existing clients have become accustomed to.
· Supporting the implementation of new projects and processes.
· Undertaking and managing on-going projects for national based clients.
· Training on the multiple skills required to become a successful software developer.
Successful candidates will have:
· Web Development or another relevant subject.
· Technical skills including Java.
· SQL
· Thrive in a high-pressured environment, illustrating strong initiative.
· Work with a logical approach, demonstrating flexibility when required.
· Drive and determination to succeed in a demanding and challenging role.
· Highly motivated and enthusiastic self-starter.
The benefits

21 days holiday + bank holidays (increasing yearly)


Salary review at probation (3months)


Company pension scheme


Exceptional development and progression opportunities

This is a full time, permanent position working 37.5 hours per week, Monday to Friday.
The offered salary for the position is competitive. Please note this role is NORWICH based.
To discuss more details about this fantastic opportunity please email your CV to Claire Turner at ID Recruitment.
If you don’t hear from us within 5 working days upon initial submittal of your CV, please assume you have been unsuccessful.
INDLC
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £35,000.00-£50,000.00 per year
Benefits:

On-site parking

Schedule:

Day shift
Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Hellesdon, NR6 5DT: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: In person
Reference ID: INDLC