Multiple .Net Developers, Antrim, Modern tech-stack, variety in projects - Salary to £60k 

 Software Developer - .Net 

 Multiple .Net Developers, Antrim, Agile/Scrum teams, Modern tech-stack, variety in projects 

 This well-established organisation, backed by a global business, is looking to undergo a further phase of expansion to increase the in house .Net web development team. You will be working from their head office location in modern offices in Antrim. They have openings for Senior Software Developer and Software Team Leads to join their 50 strong IT. This is an excellent time to join this company as a Software Developer as they have project pipeline and new product development on-going. 

 These are opportunities for ambitious developers to join from mid-level, up to seasoned senior developers to Software Team Leaders aiming to drive new technologies/practices. The team is dynamic and the Software developers are empowered to think creatively. If you are looking for a culture where responsibility is encouraged and where developers are consulted on business decisions, this would suit. 

 Technically you should be able to evidence substantial web development work in a commercial setting using C# / Asp.Net MVC, SQL Server and ideally some JavaScript. You will be a proponent of Agile/Scrum development principles and will consider yourself or have aspirations to become a full stack .Net developer. You should have a commitment to clean code, test before code and experience with any of the following will serve you will and will be utilised in your role: Web API, SOA, GIT, WCF. Microsoft Azure, SOLID / CI / CD / TDD / BDD. 

 On top of a competitive salary this is an opportunity to work with a company who are big on internal progression and will fund courses where necessary to improve your skill set. There is access to parking on site and the company is very easy to commute to using train or bus . 

 Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk