
Software Tester (Automation)

Taunton- Hybrid

£35,000 - £45,000 + Training + Progression + Private Pension + Holiday Buying Options + Autonomy

 Are you a software tester, with experience in Automation, who is looking for a new role within an exciting company that will offer you full autonomy to develop the company's Software Testing policies?
 
 This is a great opportunity for someone who has experience in both Automation testing, and scripting using Python, to gain invaluable experience in a company that will not only upskill you professionally but also allow you to grow and develop your own team as the company expands.
 
 This company design and develop computer-controlled test solutions for the global aerospace and defence industry, as well as Rail, Oil and gas, and other high-tech industries. Established for over 25 years, they are now looking for a Software Tester who can shape the company's new test policy, whilst having full autonomy and the support of senior members of the company.
 
 Within this role, you will be both scripting and running all manners of automation tests on their bespoke software. You will also be running manual UI-based testing, all whilst tracking and delivering updates to key stakeholders in the business.
 
 The ideal candidate will have experience in Automation Testing and be knowledgeable with scripting languages such as Python or Java. You will also have had some experience in C# and integration testing. Any experience with Continuous Integration, Git and Jira is desirable.
 
 This position will suit an Automation Tester, looking for an autonomous role within a growing company where you will be able to develop yourself both technically, and progress within the company.
 

The Role:


Hybrid working role, based in Taunton
Develop software test plans, run and record tests, and development of new policies 
Automation testing and development of testing plans
£35,000 - £45,000 + Training + Progression + Private Pension + Holiday Buying Options + Autonomy


 The Person:


Experience in Automation Testing
Scripting using Python or Java
Any experience with Continuous Integration, Git and Jira is desirable
Looking for training and development and an autonomous role 

 Reference Number: BBBH184776
 
 To apply for this role or to be considered for further roles, please click "Apply Now" or contact Ryan McIntyre at Rise Technical Recruitment.
 
 Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent roles and an employment business for temporary roles.
 
 The salary advertised is the bracket available for this position. The actual salary paid will be dependent on your level of experience, qualifications, and skill set. We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates.
