

Labview Developer

Watford - Hybrid (2 days a week in office)

£35,000 - £48,000 + 25 Days Holiday + Progression + Training + Private Medical + Bonus Scheme + Flexible Hours

 Are you an ambitious LabVIEW Developer looking for an exciting new role within a successful company where you will be trained and technically developed into senior roles while working on ground-breaking projects within a niche and specialist industry.
  
 This is a fantastic opportunity for a LabView Developer to continue to develop their skills and knowledge, whilst working for a company that will invest both time and money into you.
  
 This company provides specialist data-gathering solutions for engineering companies across a range of industries. They are market leaders within these solutions and are ever-developing new products to take to market. Due to expansion through their loyal client base, they are looking for a LabView Developer to bring into their team.
  
 In this role, you'll receive extensive training and development as you work with LabVIEW software to develop algorithms and write software to visualize data. You'll play a critical role in the lifecycle of temperature, acoustic, and strain-sensing-based solutions, bringing exciting projects to fruition.
  
 The ideal candidate will have a strong technical background using LabVIEW. While experience with coding languages like C++ would be beneficial, it's not essential.
  
 This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well-established yet rapidly growing organization offering you a fun and dynamic working environment, excellent training and progression, and a long-term, stable career.
  

The Role:


Timely and efficient transfer of products from development all the way through to production.
Active role in developing both products, and their roadmaps 
Creating/writing software to visualize data
£35,000 - £48,000 + Progression + Training + Private Medical + Bonus Scheme + Flexible Hours


 The Person:


Experienced in using LabVIEW 
Hungry for training and development of your own career
Commutable to Watford


 Reference Number: BBBH186160  To apply for this role or to be considered for further roles, please click "Apply Now" or contact Harry Scott at Rise Technical Recruitment.  Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd acts an employment agency for permanent roles and an employment business for temporary roles.  The salary advertised is the bracket available for this position. The actual salary paid will be dependent on your level of experience, qualifications and skill set. We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates.
