
C# Software Developer  Watford - Hybrid (2 days a week in office) £40,000 - £45,000 25 Days Holiday + Private Medical + Bonus Scheme + Flexible Hours 

  Looking for an exciting new role as a Junior Software Developer with C# experience in a successful company where you'll receive comprehensive training and development opportunities, and work on innovative projects in a niche and specialist industry? Look no further!
  
 This is a fantastic opportunity for a C# proficient Software Developer to continue to develop their skills and knowledge, whilst working for a company that will invest both time and money into you.
  
 This company provides specialist data-gathering solutions for engineering companies across a range of industries. They are market leaders within these solutions and are ever-developing new products to take to market. Due to expansion through their loyal client base, they are looking for a Software Developer to bring into their team.
  
 In this position, you'll receive extensive training and development as you use C# to create software and write algorithms for data visualization. As an integral part of the lifecycle for temperature, acoustic, and strain-sensing-based solutions, you'll contribute to bringing exciting projects to fruition.
  
 The ideal candidate will have commercial experience using C#, and any prior experience with coding languages like C++, Labview, or Python would be advantageous.
  

 This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well-established yet rapidly growing organization offering you a fun and dynamic working environment, excellent training and progression, and a long-term, stable career.
  


The Role:


Timely and efficient transfer of products from development all the way through to production.



Active role in developing both products and their roadmaps 
Creating novel software solutions 
£35,000 - £48,000 + Progression + Training + Private Medical + Bonus Scheme + Flexible Hours




The Person:


Commercially experienced in using C#
Commutable to Watford
Excellent presentation and communication skills
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills




Reference Number: BBBH186178

 To apply for this role or to be considered for further roles, please click "Apply Now" or contact Harry Scott at Rise Technical Recruitment.
 
 Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd acts an employment agency for permanent roles and an employment business for temporary roles.
 
 The salary advertised is the bracket available for this position. The actual salary paid will be dependent on your level of experience, qualifications and skill set. We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates
