
Games Developer, Osprey Games  The opportunity
 Bloomsbury Publishing Plc is looking for a Games Developer to work within Osprey Games, the tabletop gaming imprint of its Special Interest division. The successful applicant will report to the Head of Osprey Games and will work across our growing range of well-known and award-winning board and card games. This is an exciting opportunity for an enthusiastic and ambitious individual to join our friendly team based in Oxford, UK, and to dive into the world of tabletop gaming.
 The role

 Shaping the future of Osprey Games:
   
 Developing gaming projects, liaising with colleagues and contributors to take new games from prototype to finished product.
 Evaluating and playtesting new projects.
 Contributing towards discussions of new gaming projects, especially in publishing meetings where potential projects are presented for approval.
 Assisting in the production of art references, liaising with colleagues and contributors to ensure their accuracy and suitability.
 Reading, checking, and editing rulebooks and other copy for clarity and accuracy.
 Working with our Production and Design teams to ensure the quality, suitability, and accessibility of the games’ visual and physical elements.

 Representing Osprey Games:
   
 Acting as an in-house point of contact for external contributors (authors, illustrators, and freelancers).
 Attending conventions and shows, demoing games and interacting with customers and contributors in person.

 Supporting the Osprey Games team:
   
 Providing editorial support in the preparation and production of covers, catalogues, press releases, and advertising material.


 Knowledge, skills and experience

 Knowledge and understanding of the hobby games market.
 A high level of written and spoken English.
 Great organizational skills, especially time management and the ability to prioritise workload.
 Excellent communication skills with colleagues, collaborators, and customers.
 Confident presentation skills.
 Flexibility, adaptability, and the ability to think creatively.
 IT competency (especially MS Word, Excel, and Outlook) and an aptitude for learning new software.
 Professionalism and a positive approach.
 A passion for board and card games in particular and other games (wargames, roleplaying games, etc.) in general!

 Additional information
 The role is a full-time, permanent position.
 The role is based at our Oxford office, Kemp House, Chawley Park, Cumnor Hill, Oxford OX2 9PH on a hybrid working pattern of 2 days office-based / 3 days home-based (or fully office-based if preferred). Allocated office days for this role are Monday and Tuesday.
 Please apply with a CV and covering letter addressed to Human Resources (Word or PDF format only) via the ‘APPLY NOW’ button detailing how you meet the requirements outlined above for this role by Monday 1 May 2023.
 Bloomsbury reserve the right to close the role early if we exceed the required number of applications
 Bloomsbury Benefits
 As well as a fantastic opportunity to join a global award-winning organisation, Bloomsbury offers the following competitive benefits package:
 Working Pattern

 hybrid working pattern of: 2 days office-based / 3 days home-based (or fully office-based if preferred)

 Holidays

 25 days holiday
 3.5 days Christmas company holiday

 Other Benefits:
 Two paid Personal Wellness Days
 Flexible Fridays – take Friday afternoon off by working an additional 3 hours and 45 minutes earlier in the week
 Season Ticket Loan
 Sharesave Scheme
 In-house Doctor
 Eyecare Voucher Scheme
 Company culture! – Employee Voice Meetings, Staff Networks (Bloom, Disability, Mental Health, Pride and Parents, Guardians and Carers), 10 Mental Health First Aiders trained across the UK offices, Publishing Events and access to free Publishing Resources
 For additional benefits see below
 Bloomsbury is a place where anyone of any background, race, ethnicity, religion, sexuality, gender identity, age, ability, or socio-economic status can thrive, feel comfortable, and be heard and accepted. We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all sections of the community.
 We are willing to make any reasonable adjustments throughout the recruitment process, please flag to the recruitment team if required.
 Applicants must have the legal right to work in the UK.
