
Full Stack Developer (Elixir Functional Programming) *Hybrid WFH / France* to £60k
 
Are you a talented Full Stack Developer looking to pick up new technologies, such as Elixir? Are you interested in relocating to a new country? 

Trailblazing global technology company is seeking a talented technologist to join their accomplished team based in France. The organisation produces cutting-edge software solutions and AI-based order management software for their impressive global client list.
 
Benefits:

 Up to £60k salary
 Hybrid working (2 days a week remote across France)
 Excellent career progression and opportunities to upskill

 
Your Role:
 As a Full Stack Developer, you'll take ownership of maintaining and developing the company's highly complex core SaaS platform that processes billions of orders annually. This is a high-visibility role where you'll work closely with clients, creating complex and bespoke features with a focus on identifying and implementing tools to help the team scale. This Full Stack Developer role is a unique opportunity for a tech-driven individual to refine their craft on cutting-edge technology and make an impact.
 
WFH & Office:
 The company has offices across France including Paris, Lille, Bordeaux, and Leon. You will be required in the office 3 days a week.
 
Requirements: 

You have experience using a range of technologies including functional languages in your spare time - Elixir, Golang, Scala, Python, Java, Ruby
 You are a positive team player who excels when working collaboratively (and keen to progress towards leadership)
 You are educated to degree level (Computer Science or relevant discipline) from a top 10 French university
 You are an EU citizen who is fluent in English and has strong communication skills

 
As a Full Stack Developer, you'll earn a highly competitive salary (up to £60k) plus a comprehensive benefits package.
 
If you are interested in this Full Stack Developer (Elixir) opportunity apply today or call to find out more.

