
My Yeovil based client is growing and is now seeking a Software Engineer to join them on a 3 month contract until July 2023, which may lead to a permanent role.

 Role: Software Engineer
 Hours: 37 hours per week, 08.00am - 17.00pm
 Salary: £40.00 per hour PAYE
 Location: Yeovil
 Contract: 3 months which may lead to a permanent role
 Candidates must already hold the right to live and work in the UK at the time of application.
 A drug screening is required on all successful candidates prior to starting the assignment.


 Role Overview:
 Support the Lead Software Engineer in the development and certification phase of an aircraft Environmental Control System Electronic Controller. 
   Activities including:
  

Clarifications of design matters to enable Software V&V team to successfully develop test cases and conduct qualification testing
Software design issue investigations, analysis and coding
Independent flight software requirements, design, V&V reviewing and actions to achieve certification
Support system integration testing, control laws tuning and implement SW rework
DO-178C Documentation support for certification

Key Responsibilities:

Software planning:


Executing the development or verification activities for aerospace software projects:
Work products to satisfy the objectives of the internationally recognised guidelines RTCA DO 178B/C.
Work products to satisfy the Aerospace process requirements of the organisation.
Ability to liaise with key engineering functions within the global Honeywell organisation.
 *As a developer/verifier you will become responsible for the overall execution of the 'Software *Development Process' or 'Software Verification Process' per the approved plan and the applicable processes and standards.
  

Provide plan updates and complete the acceptance and approval of the work-products generated by the project team.

Software requirements management


Review and acceptance of system level requirements allocated to software,
Development of software requirements,
Selection or development of software architecture,
Development of software design, Software implementation and integration
Establishing and maintaining traceability between the work-products (system requirements to software requirements, software requirements to software design etc.)
Generation of test cases at each test level to adequately verify the operation of the software and to obtain the appropriate test coverage.
Verification of all work-products produced by the development process,
Verification of the traceability between work-products produced by the development process.
 Software Certification; for projects for which the candidate has been allocated the role of lead developer/verifier, you may be responsible for:
  

Generating the Plan for Software Aspects of Certification,
Resolving certification issues identified by the customer, certification authority or representative 
Generating the Software Accomplishment Summary

Quality, process and productivity improvements are eternal goals; to support these the candidate may be required to:


Investigate the causes of any software defects, report findings and recommendations to management/process groups and if necessary support process changes.
Participate in global process improvement and standardization initiatives.
Participate in global tool standardization initiatives.
The candidate may occasionally be required to provide support to customers (internal and external), possibly off-site.

Required experience:


Experience of developing and verifying software throughout the software life-cycle requirements capture, specification, design, implementation, support).
Ideally in embedded aerospace applications, though a thorough understanding of the 'C' programming language is essential.
Demonstrable experience of DO178B/C guidelines and certification.
The ability to read circuit diagrams or schematics and to use electronics development and test tools (oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, debuggers etc.) would be highly beneficial.

Experience of using the following, or similar software tools would also be beneficial:
  

DOORS
Serena ChangeMan Dimensions requirements management
IBM Rational ClearCase / ClearQuest application workflow development environment
Unicom System Architect and/or Rhapsody architecture frameworks
VectorCAST embedded software test environment
QA C and/or LDRA Test Bed verification tools
ClearCase/ClearQuest configuration tools


 Education
 A recognised Engineering Apprenticeship is desirable but not essential
   Degree (BSc) or equivalent in software development, maths or electronics preferred.
  
 If you are interested in applying for this position and you meet the requirements, please apply immediately.
   Due to the number of applications we receive, it's not always possible to contact unsuccessful applicants. Unless you hear from us within 14 days of your application, please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion.
   "Follow @LineUpAviation on Twitter for all of our latest vacancies, news and pictures from our busy UK Head Office. Interact with us using the #LineUpAviation tag at any time! Thank you for your follow!"
 
