

Job Details


    BAE Systems Digital Intelligence is home to 4,800 digital, cyber and intelligence experts. We work collaboratively across 16 countries to collect, connect and understand complex data, so that governments, nation states, armed forces and commercial businesses can unlock digital advantage in the most demanding environments.
    
 BAE Systems DI's telecommunications business unit has an exciting opportunity for a 
    Full Stack Software Developer to join our growing team. We deliver next generation cyber, communications and intelligence solutions for law enforcement. Our work helps law enforcement fight organised crime, counter terrorism and affects many "life at risk" situations daily - your role will have real impact. You will get to work on our exciting DataBridge 6 product:
    

DataBridge 6 is a market leading Lawful Intercept (LI) solution for deployment within a CSP's network. Communications Service Providers (CSPs) are in the spotlight like never before. As terrorists and organised criminals make increasing use of social media and smartphones to facilitate their crimes and activities, the data they generate - which is transported by CSPs - is of huge value to Law Enforcement and National Security Agencies. It now forms a key element in their efforts to monitor threats, detect crimes and investigate and prosecute criminals.
    
 We are looking for an experienced 
    Full Stack Software Developer withstrong Javascript and server development experience,to aid in the design, build, test and deployment of our solutions for our customers. This will involve high levels of interaction and coordination with the engineering team and a drive to improve our product and processes.
    
 You will join our agile development teams, practicing hybrid working in a relaxed, friendly but technically challenging area of the business. You will work within strongly customer focused teams where "DevOps culture" is at the core of the how we carry out our engineering.
    
 Our development teams have a strong culture of promoting from within, so we can offer the opportunity to take your career to the next level - in an internationally recognised business.
    

What are we looking for?


 A broad technical background: someone who can investigate, design, develop and test software.
 A highly motivated problem-solver with a strong desire to approach a problem in a hands-on, practical manner.
 Excellent team working abilities.
 Be a key contributor to our teams, actively participating in creative thinking, conversation and debate.
 Learn quickly and apply new technologies.
 Someone who can think on their feet.


 Essential skills you will need: 



Strong experience with Javascript and Java as core skills.
 Familiarity with a UI development framework, ideally React.
 Ability to lead and define the overall direction across our UIs and services.
 Experience showing quick learning of and picking up a new language.
 Experience writing tests for existing and new code to ensure compatibility and stability.
 Experienced in using different types of source control (preferably Git), be familiar with continuous integration, test-driven development and be prepared to use Agile development techniques to incrementally deliver working software.
 Ability to multi-task and stay organised in a dynamic work environment.
 Excellent team working abilities and able to understand the other roles in the team and how to support each other.
 Technical contribution to bids including estimation.


 Experience in some of the areas listed below is desirable:


 Knowledge of Java with some server development experience e.g. Spring framework;
 Additional programming languages: TypeScript, SQL;
 Knowledge or experience in the following frameworks: React, Redux, Maven;
 Understanding of software test approaches, frameworks, tools and test automation techniques; ideally at a range of levels: unit, integration and system test;
 Virtualisation: standing up Virtual Machines, networking etc;
 Deployment technologies: Ansible, Docker;
 An understanding of the principles of version control and release management. Ideally with experience of a version control tool such as Git;
 An understanding of Agile practices and frameworks;
 Cloud experience; AWS, Azure;
 Creative to assist with UX Design.


 How we will support you:


 Work-life balance is important; you'll get 25 days holiday a year and, via our flexible benefits package the option to buy/sell and carry over from the year before
 Our flexible benefits package includes; private medical and dental insurance, a competitive pension scheme, cycle to work scheme, taste cards and more
 You'll have a dedicated Career Manager to help you develop your career and guide you on your journey through BAE
 Don't know a particular technology? Your learning and development is key to your future career
 You'll be part of our bonus scheme
 You are welcome to join any/all of our Diversity and Support groups. These groups cover everything from gender diversity to mental health and well being.


 Security Clearance

 Only those with the permanent and unrestricted right to live and work in the UK will be considered. Due to the nature of our work, successful candidates for this role will be required to go through BPSS (basic) security clearance prior to starting with us and be eligible for SC level. https://www.gov.uk/guidance/security-vetting-and-clearance
    

Life at BAE Systems Digital Intelligence 

 We are embracing Hybrid Working. This means you and your colleagues may be working in different locations, such as from home, another BAE Systems office or client site, some or all of the time, and work might be going on at different times of the day.
    
 By embracing technology, we can interact, collaborate and create together, even when we're working remotely from one another. Hybrid Working allows for increased flexibility in when and where we work, helping us to balance our work and personal life more effectively, and enhance well-being.
    
 Diversity and inclusion are integral to the success of BAE Systems Digital Intelligence. We are proud to have an organisational culture where employees with varying perspectives, skills, life experiences and backgrounds - the best and brightest minds - can work together to achieve excellence and realise individual and organisational potential.
    

Division overview: Capabilities

 At BAE Systems Digital Intelligence, we pride ourselves in being a leader in the cyber defence industry, and Capabilities is the engine that keeps the business moving forward. It is the largest area of Digital Intelligence, containing our Engineering, Consulting and Project Management teams that design and implement the defence solutions and digital transformation projects that make us a globally recognised brand in both the public and private sector.
    
 As a member of the Capabilities team, you will be creating and managing the solutions that earn us our place in an ever changing digital world. We all have a role to play in defending our clients, and this is yours.
   



Company



BAE Systems Digital Intelligence is home to 4,800 digital, cyber and intelligence experts. We work collaboratively across 16 countries to collect, connect and understand complex data, so that governments, nation states, armed forces and commercial businesses can unlock digital advantage in the most demanding environments.
Launched in 2022, Digital Intelligence is part of BAE Systems, and has a rich heritage in helping to defend nations and businesses around the world from advanced threats.



Find Us



     Location
    

     Guildford, Surrey
      GB
    



