Web Developer
Norwich
£30,000 - £50,000 per annum DOE
Salary negotiable depending upon experience.
Full time, permanent role
Joining a market-leading marketing company, as a Developer, you will gain full involvement in the creation of their in-house software, systems and server administration.
This marketing company have had tremendous success and maintain a renowned status within their specialism. They offer an exceptional work culture and a clear, structured development path is in place to support their teams' ongoing training and progression.
Successful candidates will have:
· Web Development front and back end
· Excellent knowledge in backend & frontend Languages Previous experience working with Linux based servers Knowledge in HTML, CSS, JS & jQuery, ReactJS, PHP, SQL, Python, Java.
· FULL STACK IT Development experience
· SQL
· Thrive in a high-pressured environment, illustrating strong initiative.
· Work with a logical approach, demonstrating flexibility when required.
· Drive and determination to succeed in a demanding and challenging role.
· Highly motivated and enthusiastic self-starter.
The benefits

21 days holiday + bank holidays (increasing yearly)


Salary review at probation (3months)


Company pension scheme


Exceptional development and progression opportunities

This is a full time, permanent position working 9am to 6pm.
The offered salary for the position is competitive. Please note this role is NORWICH based.
To discuss more details about this fantastic opportunity please email your CV to Claire Turner at ID Recruitment.
If you don’t hear from us within 5 working days upon initial submittal of your CV, please assume you have been unsuccessful.
INDLC
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £30,000.00-£50,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Free parking
On-site parking
Wellness programme

Schedule:

12 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Norwich, NR6 5DR: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: In person
Reference ID: INDLC