

  Senior Python Developer | £50k | Edinburgh (hybrid) 
  

Who You'll Be Joining

 My client is an industry leading hospitality management firm based here in the heart of Edinburgh. Harnessing a great reputation, they are always expanding and acquiring new businesses in the UK and in Europe.
  


 They are renowned for having a fantastic working culture and excellent staff retention rates. This includes a highly flexible working arrangement with the dictum: as long as the work is being done, you have the freedom to create your own balance. This includes the flexibility to work where you feel most productive, at the times when you work best.
  

 You'll also have great freedom on the tech side, the team is very collaborative and always open to hearing new ways of doing things.
  

 The aforementioned acquisitions are not the only way the organisation is moving forward, with developments on their own doorstep coming up. An upcoming move to class A offices in the centre of Edinburgh is the talk of the firm, another exciting reason to get involved.
  



What You'll Be Working On

 You'll be developing cutting-edge software within Python and Django for the newly acquired engagement platform. The work will be a combination of greenfield projects and legacy work that will provide plenty of opportunity to expand your tech stack while completing fulfilling work.
  
 The Agile team of 6 members has a reputation within the company as being collaborative and productive, you'll be given a degree of flexibility that is not so common in this space.
  
 As a Senior Developer, you'll be given a good amount of autonomy for your work as well as the freedom to suggest new directions for the team; this includes new technical ways of operating.
  


What You'll Need 



Python
Django 
Agile 
Team-player Mentality





What you need to do now
 If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
   If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Alternatively, if you know someone in your network who might be interested, don't hesitate to point them in my direction.
 
 Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk
