
Java Developer
 
Java Developer - Break into FinTech - London
 
(Tech stack: Java Developer, Java SE, Continuous Integration, Testing Frameworks, VAR, SQL Server (Oracle/ Sybase), some .NET Technologies, Git/GitHub, JIRA, Java Developer)
 
We have a fantastic opportunity for a Java Developer to join an ambitious Fintech start-up. This is your chance to work with the sharpest minds in private wealth management and financial software development. Our client's latest product release has changed the way people view private wealth management and allowed them to provide their clients with an individualised, scalable asset management framework that is unrivalled in today's marketplace.
 
Our client is looking for passionate a Java Developer with experience in Java SE, Continuous Integration, Testing Frameworks, SQL Server (Oracle/ Sybase). My client will provide training in: Java 9+, Spring Framework 5+, RESTful Web APIs, Spring Security, Spring Boot, Angular 2+, React JS, Docker, Kubernetes, Microservices and more. 

VAR, some .NET Technologies, Git/GitHub, JIRA,
 
This is your opportunity to be part of a new, technically challenging project and to be involved in the creation of a new application from scratch. FinTech is booming and our client is fast becoming a leader of this market!
 
All Java Developer positions come with the following benefits:
 

Shares in the company.
Pension scheme (8%).
Bupa private healthcare.
3 hours 'free time' each week to investigate new technologies.
An annual training allowance of £4.5k.
27 days holiday (excluding Bank Holidays) plus your birthday off.
Flexible working hours.
Work from home.
Pizza and beer Fridays.
Access to free yoga classes which take place over lunch or after work in their fitness studio.


Location: London, UK / Hybrid Working
 
Salary: £50,000 - £75,000 + Bonus + Pension + Benefits
 
If this role is of interest to you, please contact Sunny Bhalla.
 
Noir continues to be the leading Microsoft recruitment agency; we can help you make the right career decisions!
 
NOIRUKTECHREC
 NOIRUKREC
 
NC/JAV/102
