

  Control Systems Software Engineer (Siemens/Rockwell)
   £45,000 - £55,000 DOE + ON-SITE + 25 Days Holiday + Progression + Pension
   Tadcaster
  
 This is an amazing opportunity for a Software Engineer looking for their next challenge working on robust and effective product design solutions within a manufacturing business that offers great progression and the opportunity to develop your skillset.
  
 This company are a global market leader within the Manufacturing industry working on Automated Machinery. They work with pharmaceutical and consumer goods businesses to support their factory automation platforms and technology needs whilst providing great customer service and technical solutions.
  
 In this role you will work effectively within a team environment, be able to confidently communicate with customers and suppliers, ensuring standards are kept throughout and targets are met. In this role you will deliver high-quality technical support to help shape the onward direction of solutions, calling upon your great knowledge and expertise to continue the company's successes.
  
 The ideal candidate will have experience with Rockwell and/or Siemens programming platforms, with a background in Software Design of industrial automation within a manufacturing environment.
  
 This company has continuous expansion plans in place which provides a real opportunity to progress your engineering career and be a part of an exciting future.
  
 The Role:
  

Control Systems Software Engineer
Software Design of Industrial Automation within a Manufacturing Business
Opportunity for progression and develop your skillset
Mon-Fri Role, Fully On-Site

 The Person:
  

Must have experience working with Rockwell and/or Siemens programming platforms
Excellent communication skills and the ability to diagnose faults, whilst maintaining excellent customer service
Proficient with integration of vision systems and servo drives into Industrial Automation
Proficient with integration of robotics into automation solutions
Must be able to commute to Tadcaster


 Reference Number: BBBH186373  To apply for this role or to be considered for further roles, please click "Apply Now" or contact Nina-Rose Cunliffe at Rise Technical Recruitment.  Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent roles and an employment business for temporary roles.  The salary advertised is the bracket available for this position. The actual salary paid will be dependent on your level of experience, qualifications, and skill set. We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates.
