

  We believe in better. And we make it happen.
 

   Better content. Better products. And better careers.
 

   Working in Tech, Product or Data at Sky is about building the next and the new. From broadband to broadcast, streaming to mobile, SkyQ to Sky Glass, we never stand still. We optimise and innovate.
 

   We turn big ideas into the products, content and services millions of people love.
 

   And we do it all right here at Sky.
 


   We’re looking for a Software Developer to join the team within Platform & Capabilities, part of the Group Digital Platforms department here at Sky in Leeds.
 


   Product Delivery
 

   Want to deliver brilliant products and unmissable entertainment that grips millions of households? Our 1000 strong, Product Delivery team does everything from developing innovative AI technology to creating the best HDR viewing experience for TV products. From Sky Go to Sky Q & Sky Glass, we take our products to the next level and make them more agile and reliable with every release.
 


   What you'll do
 

 Build data services used by our Sky Sports and Sky News products
 Have a say in the technical steer and future of our platforms
 Build highly scalable, resilient, and available platforms
 join a well-established tech community



   What you’ll bring
 

 Strong communication and availability with colleagues and stakeholders, in a hybrid working environment
 Ability to produce clean, well-tested and detailed code
 Partake in code reviews
 Experience with one of the following: Python
 Experience working within an agile environment
 Participation in team activities such as: sprint reviews, retrospectives, presentations (A curiosity about becoming a part of our engineering community across P&C would be an advantage)
 Involvement in technical discussions (such as architectural)



   The rewards
 

   There's one thing people can't stop talking about when it comes to #LifeAtSky: the perks. Here’s a taster:
 

 Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
 The magic of Sky Glass at an exclusive rate
 A generous pension package
 Private healthcare
 Discounted mobile and broadband
 A wide range of Sky VIP rewards and experiences



   How you’ll work – hybrid working
 

   The world has changed. And so have we. We’ve embraced hybrid working and split our time between unique office spaces and the convenience of working from home.
 

   You’ll find out more about what hybrid working looks like for your role later on in the recruitment process.
 


   Your office space
 

   Leeds
 

   Our spacious tech hub is less than a mile from Leeds train station. There’s plenty of parking in the surrounding streets and at the nearby CitiPark.
 

   Need a break? You can blow off steam over a game of pool or table tennis, and stay fit at our subsidised gym.
 


   We'd love to hear from you
 

   Inventive, forward-thinking minds come together to work in Tech, Product and Data at Sky. It’s a place where you can explore what if, how far, and what next.
 

   But better doesn’t stop at what we do, it’s how we do it, too. We embrace each other’s differences. We support our community and contribute to a sustainable future for our business and the planet.
 

   If you believe in better, we’ll back you all the way.
 

   dation.
 
