iOS Mobile Developer
Information Tech Consultants Ltd (ITC) is a mobile app development consultancy, specializing in Android, iOS, and cross-platform solutions. With over 35,000 mobile development hours accumulated and clients across the UK and Europe, it’s safe to say we know apps well! Each of our practice areas leverages specialized expertise, methodologies, and software to ensure that we deliver the most beneficial solutions to our clients.
Who are we:
Here at Information Tech Consultants Ltd (ITC), we are providing a unique opportunity for entry level C# and Swift developers to utilize our skills and expertise to become successful experienced developers, working with several excellent recognized UK companies.
What we are looking for:
The focus will be on developing mobile applications for iPhone and iPad. You will provide professional consulting service working onsite for medium and large sized companies to build apps for iPhone and iPad. You will be working on large complex projects so you should be comfortable dealing with demanding stakeholders and providing time driven results. You may not be an iPhone developer already but have the baseline to be an iPhone developer. If you have some basic coding experience and have a degree in computer science or and IT related degree, you will qualify.
Who we are looking for:
Applicants must be experienced working with the following:
Essential:
1-2 years’ experience with C#, Swift
1+ years of .NET and PHP
Desirable:
Familiar with SQL Databases
Qualifications/Experience:

Knowledge of web services
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, MIS or Related field.

You must be willing to travel within the UK up to 100% of the time and be entitled to work in the UK/EU. Travel expenses will be covered. Currently most of our projects are remote, however you must be able to go to client site if the client should request.
What do we offer:
While we offer an unrivalled salary and benefits package plus the opportunity to earn a 10-20% increase each year, you will also gain access to our excellent management support network. You will obtain the capabilities to think creatively, design solutions and gain vital work experience.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Pay: £28,000.00-£32,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Referral programme

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift

Ability to commute/relocate:

 London, EC2A 3JF: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Education:

Bachelor's (preferred)

Work Location: In person