Location: Stroud
Salary: Depending on Experience
About The Role
The Development Team is responsible for securing the necessary permissions to enable the construction of renewable energy projects, including but not limited to onshore wind, solar, energy storage and anaerobic digestion (green gas). This involves four main stages:
Identifying suitable sites for renewables in the UK;
Signing an option to lease with the landowner;
Securing a commercially viable grid connection;
Securing an implementable planning permission and discharging planning conditions.
The overall purpose of this role is to manage the submission and achieve planning permission for our renewable energy projects.
The role will be responsible for:

Assisting the Planning & Development Team Manager in the project management of a portfolio of renewable energy projects, including the preparation of planning applications and the discharge of conditions.
With supervision negotiations with local planning authorities, and other statutory and non-statutory organisations and agencies, to ensure that any material planning objections or concerns about the proposal are addressed in the pre-application stage.
Undertake visits across the UK to development sites and attend meetings with Councils, landowners and consultation bodies.
Preparing for and attending public Information Days and Committee Presentations.
Provide an efficient service to External Customers (eg. Landowners) and Company staff.
Keep up to date with current legislation, policy development and other issues relevant to the position within the company and renewable energy industry.
Complete timesheets daily and finalise on last working day of each month.
Any other activities as may be directed by the Planning & Development Team Manager.

About You

Knowledge of the renewable energy industry.
Understanding of Planning system.
Experience of report writing.
Ideally degree qualified, with 1-2 years post qualification experience.
Possess a full driving license and be willing to travel across the UK to meet with landowners and their agents as required.
This is an exciting opportunity to gain experience and insight in developing land for renewable energy projects.

About Us
What's in it for you...
Healthcare plan, life assurance and generous pension contributionVolunteering dayHybrid workingVarious company discounts (including shops, days out and events)Holiday of 25 days (plus bank holidays) & ability to buy/sell daysCycle to work scheme, car pooling and onsite parking available
As a valued member of the team you will be supporting the Group Environmental policy and its associated targets to make the Green Britain Group net carbon neutral by 2025
Flexibility statement
The fast moving nature of the company's business means that from time to time you may be asked to perform duties or tasks outside of your original job description on an ad hoc basis. This allows the company to use it's people in the best possible way at all times and helps the employees to make make their contribution in a changing environment.
Ecotricity is Britain's greenest energy company. When we started back in 1995, we were the first company in the world to provide a new kind of electricity- the green kind.
Our mission was, and remains, to change the way energy is made and used in Britain- by replacing fossil fuels with clean, renewable energy.
We don't just supply green energy, we use the money from our customers' bills to make it ourselves too- we build windmills and sun parks in Britain. We call this 'bills in to mills'. In 2021, we started work on building two new solar parks, and now, in 2022, we're bringing geothermal energy to our customers' fuel mix, a first in the UK. We're also developing green gas mills which will generate 100% green gas from a source that we will never run out of- grass.
We don't just focus on energy though- we built Electric Highways, Britain's leading network of electric vehicle charging points, we helped Forest Green Rovers become the greenest football club in the world, and, in partnership with RSPB, we launched Britain's greenest mobile phone service, Ecotalk + RSPB.
Ecotricity is an equal opportunities employer and is committed to providing equality for all.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

Additional leave
Casual dress
Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Employee discount
Life insurance
On-site parking
Referral programme
Store discount

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Gloucestershire: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred)

Reference ID: 1466