
C# Software Engineer (Windows Forms)
 Nottingham
 £25,000 - £30,000 + Excellent training + Career Progression + Travel
 Are you a Graduate C# Software Developer looking for training on some of the most exciting tech on the market, where only a handful of companies have a license to use it? Do you have a background with building and designing test kits?
 On offer is the chance to join a progressive, cutting edge company where you will be the subject matter expert for testing of their next generation communication and connectivity products.
 Exceptional in house training is provided to help the successful candidate spring board their career from a Junior Engineer to a Thought Leader in the test division.
 This company is looking for someone that will grow with the business into a key position, after a successful acquisition of a semiconductor manufacturer they now have the ability to develop their cutting edge products in house. This gives them a huge advantage over their competition.
 The business are looking to build a full test suite, to help them deliver the highest quality of software and hardware in the IoT and Communications Market.
 THE ROLE:

 Take personal responsibility for QHSE (Quality, Health & Safety and Environment)
 Development of automated test equipment for large volume products
 Liaise between development and production teams
 Working with C#, Wnforms / Windows Forms

 THE PERSON:

 Graduate or Junior Software Test Engineer
 Minimum of 6 months work experience

 Reference BBBH6712
 Keywords: Junior, Graduate, Electronics, Test, C#, Python, Software, MySQL, Semiconductor, Winforms, Windows Forms,  If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV.  We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates. The salary advertised is a guideline for this position. The offered renumeration will be dependent on the extent of your experience, qualifications, and skill set.  Ernest Gordon Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job, you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at our website.

