
Salary: £65k - 80k per year + hybrid working
 
Reference: COR5018/1
 


 Technical Lead, Software Developer, C#, Azure, COR5018
 Are you an experienced Technical Lead looking for a new challenge? Do you have strong in-depth knowledge of C# and Azure? If this sounds like you, then keep reading!
 I’m looking for a Technical Lead to join a great company based in London. This is an excellent opportunity for a Technical Lead who has experience with a variety of development technologies such as C#, .NET core, Azure and Front End web frameworks, to take the next step within their career!
 The Role
 As the Technical Lead, you will join a small team of technically excellent engineers working on my clients’ core applications. The role will involve developing new applications, as well as reworking existing ones, supporting BAU projects, and transferring them onto Cloud Services. The Technical Lead will ideally be Azure Certified, have previous experience in the financial industry and have some proven leadership experience.
 The Company
 The Technical Lead will be joining the oldest and established company in their industry. This company values their staff and wants to foster an environment where people love what they do and enjoy working with their colleagues - as such, the Technical Lead will get access to great benefits!
 Benefits
 Some of the benefits on offer for the Technical Lead include:

 Continuous career development
  Bonus scheme
  Great focus on personal health with well-being schemes

 What’s Required?
 We are looking for a Technical Lead who has worked with a variety of languages and has a passion for technology, as well as commercial experience with the following

 C# / .NET core
  Cloud technologies, Azure and Front End web frameworks
  You would stand out if you are Azure Certified, have previously worked in the financial industry, and can show proven leadership experience


 The list above is important, but not as important as hiring the right person! So if you don't meet all of the criteria above, but feel the role is of interest, please apply or get in touch today to discuss further.
 So What's Next?
 If you are a Technical Lead currently, or looking to harness your career in this direction, and would like to know more about this excellent opportunity; apply now for immediate consideration!

 Technical Lead, Software Developer, C#, Azure

 Corriculo Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. #indmed # inddev

