

Job Details


    BAE Systems Digital Intelligence is home to 4,800 digital, cyber and intelligence experts. We work collaboratively across 16 countries to collect, connect and understand complex data, so that governments, nation states, armed forces and commercial businesses can unlock digital advantage in the most demanding environments.
    
 Launched in 2022, Digital Intelligence is part of BAE Systems, and has a rich heritage in helping to defend nations and businesses around the world from advanced threats.
    
 We develop world-class RF and data systems and we are expanding our teams in areas including space systems and C5ISR with a common requirement for electronic engineering.
    
 We need skilled, enthusiastic and motivated people at all experience levels from early careers to seasoned professional to deliver these exciting new capabilities.
    
 Our Wireless group provides consultancy-led engineering services to national security and defence customers. Solving our clients' problems often requires us to produce novel high-performance solutions, comprising of cutting-edge software and hardware technologies.
    

What you will be doing (role duties and responsibilities)

 Depending on your project assignment and level of experience, you may work on some or all of the following:
    

 High performance application design and development in C++ and related languages.
 Developing and deploying software which typically includes low level development (eg real-time software, drivers, embedded software etc.) and requires an understanding of the underlying hardware systems.
 Managing technical tasks/projects and people
 Be involved in product delivery, sometimes to challenging deadlines.
 Customer-facing technical consultancy
 Have a strong interest in expanding technical knowledge both in areas of core expertise and more generally.
 Work towards gaining the experience required to take technical lead roles.
 Mentoring and coaching junior colleagues


 What we are looking for (skills and experience)

 We are looking for ambitious, high-calibre people with the following characteristics:
    
 Essential:
    

 Highly motivated with a strong academic background typically in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics. PhD applicants also encouraged.
 Ability to produce high-quality software
 Understanding of low-level computing concepts
 C++ experience (or similar)
 Proven problem-solving / fault-finding skills
 Ability to multi-task and stay organised in a dynamic work environment
 Excellent team working abilities
 Ability to learn quickly

 Desirable:
    

 Broad interest in wireless technology, embedded systems and awareness of latest industry developments.
 Development on and for Linux based embedded systems
 Experience of developing for Space applications 
Range of other development skills such as C (for embedded systems), Java, HTML5, React/Redux, Python, GDB.
 Modern software development methodologies such as Agile and Test Driven Development
 Proven track record of successfully delivering high quality software solutions
 Understanding of radio communication systems and concepts


 Life at BAE Systems Digital Intelligence 

 We are embracing Hybrid Working. This means you and your colleagues may be working in different locations, such as from home, another BAE Systems office or client site, some or all of the time, and work might be going on at different times of the day. By embracing technology, we can interact, collaborate and create together, even when we're working remotely from one another. Hybrid Working allows for increased flexibility in when and where we work, helping us to balance our work and personal life more effectively, and enhance wellbeing.
    
 Diversity and inclusion are integral to the success of BAE Systems Digital Intelligence. We are proud to have an organisational culture where employees with varying perspectives, skills, life experiences and backgrounds - the best and brightest minds - can work together to achieve excellence and realise individual and organisational potential.
    

About BAE Systems Digital Intelligence

 We use our intelligence-led insights to help defend Governments, Nations and Societies from cyber-attacks and financial crime. Our customers depend on our evolving capabilities to help them safely grow their organisations. Our unprecedented access to threat intelligence, world-leading analysts and market-leading technology means we can help them to adapt, evolve and stay ahead of the criminals.
    

Division overview: Capabilities

 At BAE Systems Digital Intelligence, we pride ourselves in being a leader in the cyber defence industry, and Capabilities is the engine that keeps the business moving forward. It is the largest area of Digital Intelligence, containing our Engineering, Consulting and Project Management teams that design and implement the defence solutions and digital transformation projects that make us a globally recognised brand in both the public and private sector.
    
 As a member of the Capabilities team, you will be creating and managing the solutions that earn us our place in an ever changing digital world. We all have a role to play in defending our clients, and this is yours.
   



Company



BAE Systems Digital Intelligence is home to 4,800 digital, cyber and intelligence experts. We work collaboratively across 16 countries to collect, connect and understand complex data, so that governments, nation states, armed forces and commercial businesses can unlock digital advantage in the most demanding environments.
Launched in 2022, Digital Intelligence is part of BAE Systems, and has a rich heritage in helping to defend nations and businesses around the world from advanced threats.



Find Us



     Location
    

     Guildford, Surrey
      GB
    



