
Full Stack Software Engineer (C# .Net WPF JavaScript) *Hybrid WFH* to £90k
 Are you a skilled Full Stack Software Engineer / Developer with strong C# .Net backend skills combined with WPF or JavaScript?
 You could be progressing your career at a hugely successful Asset Manager.
 As a Full Stack Software Engineer you will work on critical in-house applications that enable data driven investment decision making and portfolio management for the Fixed Income trading team.
 There's a variety of strategic projects in the pipeline including migrating from on-prem to Azure cloud based services and moving UIs to component web based systems; you'll gain exposure to the full technology stack and have access to a wide variety of technologies.
 They'll be plenty of opportunities to learn and upskill, improving technology systems within a collaborative Agile team environment.
 WFH Policy:
 There's a remote interview and onboarding process, following that you'll join the team in London 1-2 days a week in a hybrid work from home model.
 Requirements:

 You have strong C# .Net backend development skills, ideally including .Net Core
 You have a good understanding of UI development with WPF or Angular (or other JavaScript framework)
 You have experience with TDD / BDD and a good knowledge of Agile methodologies
 You're likely to have experience of working on financial systems, although this isn't a pre-requisite
 You're collaborative and pragmatic

 What's in it for you:
 As a Full Stack Software Engineer / Developer you will earn a competitive salary (to £90k) plus:

 10% pension
 Life Assurance (4 x salary)
 Private medical care
 25 days holiday plus statutory public holidays

 Apply now to find out more about this Full Stack Software Engineer / Developer (C# .Net WPF JavaScript) opportunity.
 At Client Server we believe in a diverse workplace that allows people to play to their strengths and continually learn. We're an equal opportunities employer whose people come from all walks of life and will never discriminate based on race, colour, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The clients we work with share our values.
