
Software Developer, WPF {Software House}
 Potters Bar
 £55,000 to £65,000 + company benefits
 Are you a Software Developer with WPF experience looking to join a well-established and growing Software and IT business. Do you want clear progression and the opportunity to run projects and further your personal and professional development? 
On offer, is the exciting opportunity for a software developer to join a well-established and growing Software and IT company as they experience a period of growth and expansion. Joining a team of highly skilled developers and designers, you will have the chance to gain valuable knowledge to help accelerate your career and develop you into a strong all round developer with the potential to take on projects and manage teams.
 In this role, the successful Software Developer will be responsible for designing, developing and deploying bespoke software solutions for a range of clients across a broad spectrum of industries, where you will be keeping up to date with new and emerging technologies as well as developing systems to customers exact needs and requirements.
 The ideal Software Developer would have good development experience with C# and related technologies as well as a good understanding of WPF.
 The Role:

 Designing, developing and deploying software solutions using C#, WPF.
 Liaising with key stakeholders, both technically and non-technically.
 Running projects.

 The Person:

 C#, WPF experience.
 Local to Potters Bar.

 Keywords: C#, WPF, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Software Development, Software Engineering, Software House
 If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV.  We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates. The salary advertised is a guideline for this position. The offered renumeration will be dependent on the extent of your experience, qualifications, and skill set.  Ernest Gordon Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job, you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at our website.
