
Senior Software Engineer / Developer (Java Kotlin AWS) London / WFH to £120k
 Would you like to progress your career working on a Tech for Good product in a senior, lead role?
 You could be joining a scale-up software house that is producing a platform that enables easier money transfer to people in emerging economies, disaster and war zones that do not have access to a bank account; they're helping relatives, charities, the UN and UNICEF to get money to remote communities where it is needed using sophisticated technology.
 Your role:
 As a Senior Software Engineer you will take a primary role in defining, building, iterating and testing core products including building new features on the payment platform, gateway API and web portal. You'll collaborate with teams across the business and work with global partners to introduce the service to other countries.
 There's a modern tech stack encompassing Java, Kotlin, Python, PostgreSQL, AWS, JavaScript and React; you'll have a focus on backend development and will have the autonomy to choose the right tool for the job and introduce emerging technologies. 
You'll collaborate to solve problems, provide technical / team leadership on projects and mentor others.
 WFH Policy:
 There's a hybrid model with two days in the Sutton office and the other three work from home.
 Requirements:

 You have strong Java and Kotlin serverside development experience
 You have a good knowledge of AWS
 You have experience of technically leading projects and mentoring others
 You have a good knowledge of SQL, PostgreSQL ideally
 You're collaborative and keen to work in start-up environment creating tech for good
 You're a keen technologist keen to stay up to date with new and emerging technologies, continually learn and use a range of programming languages
 You're likely to be degree educated, Computer Science preferred

 Salary & benefits:
 As a Senior Software Engineer you will earn a competitive salary (to £120k) plus a comprehensive benefits package including:

 Pension
 Private healthcare
 Life Assurance and Income Protection
 Tax free childcare 

Apply now or call to find out more about this Senior Software Engineer / Developer (Java Kotlin AWS) opportunity.
 At Client Server we believe in a diverse workplace that allows people to play to their strengths and continually learn. We're an equal opportunities employer whose people come from all walks of life and will never discriminate based on race, colour, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The clients we work with share our values.
