Here at SpaMedica, we recognise the power of information to support our delivery of patient care. As the UK’s largest provider of NHS cataract surgery, we’re experts at what we do and as part of our Informatics team you will be involved in all aspects of data management which underpins our focus on achieving excellence.
Day-to-day you will be responsible for planning, developing, and maintaining our SQL Server databases to ensure the efficiency of our reporting function. Being part of a small team with access to rich data sources affords you the opportunity to create and improve processes to meet the new and exciting changes of a growing healthcare company.
Site Location: Churchgate, Bolton, BL1 1HU
Benefits of our SQL Developer:

£35,000 - £40,000 per annum salary
Annual pay reviews and increases
37.5 hours a week
33 days holiday (including bank holidays)
Bonus 1 – June – potential to earn up to 5% of your salary (individual performance related bonus)
Bonus 2 – January – potential to earn up to 5% of your salary (hospital/company related bonus)
Discounts & E-Vouchers (Ikea/Curry’s/B&M/Argos/Lastminute.com/Costa/Tesco/Primark etc.)
Length of Service Rewards
Recommend a Friend Scheme (£350 reward for both you and your friend)
Free Quarterly Snacks bought by the Company
Time in Lieu scheme (if you go over your contracted hours, we will give you your time back (we want our staff to feel appreciated and valued).
Free Annual Flu Vaccination
Paid DBS
Continuous Training and Development Program
Annual Pay Reviews
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Progression opportunities (85% of our supervisors have been internal promotions).
Casual Dress

....and much more!
Role and Responsibilities of our SQL Developer:

Managing the Data warehouse predominately using SQL.
Create, develop, and maintain SQL Server systems and processes ensuring optimisation and stability.
Demonstrable experience of all aspects of Microsoft SQL Server 2016+ and DBA.
Working with complex database schemas with high transaction volumes.
Developing and maintaining of SSIS packages for task automation.
Developing and maintaining SQL Server Management Studio, SSRS Reports and Power BI
Testing database processes and performing bug fixes.
Writing complex SQL scripts from across multiple data sources.
Experience in dealing with Error Handling, Transaction Management and Query optimisation.
Assist in the migration and cleaning of data
Support the development and training of colleagues less familiar with SQL.
Manage the expectations of key stakeholders in relation to reporting requirements
Complete tasks in line with Department KPIs
Help in out of hours releases

What are we looking for in our SQL Developer?

Experience with Microsoft SQL
Passion and aptitude for database development and new technologies
Enthusiastic about data and the difference it can make
Wants to take ownership of pieces of work and projects from requirement through to delivery
Strong troubleshooting skills
Ability to work effectively in a team environment often under pressure
Good verbal and written communication skills
Power BI
Microsoft Excel Advanced

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £35,000.00-£40,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company pension
Referral programme

Schedule:

Day shift

Supplemental pay types:

Performance bonus
Yearly bonus

Experience:

SQL: 5 years (preferred)
Power BI: 2 years (preferred)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: In person