
An exciting opportunity has arisen in Yeovil (BA20) (please note this an ITAR site) for an Advanced software/firmware Engineer (Aerospace) to join our client on a full-time temporary basis to July 2023. Working 8:00 - 5:00 Monday to Friday, payrate £40 per hour PAYE only. - This is a flexible role
 **A Drug screening is required, and DBS Check and our client's security check is required for all successful candidates prior to starting on site**
 Software Engineer
 Our Aerospace Company are currently looking for a Software Engineer to join us on a short-term basis which may lead to a permanent role at our Yeovil site.
 Prime Activities:
 Support the Lead Software Engineer in the development and certification phase of an aircraft Environmental Control System Electronic Controller. Activities including:

 Clarifications of design matters to enable Software V&V team to successfully develop test cases and conduct qualification testing
 Software design issue investigations, analysis and coding
 Independent flight software requirements, design, V&V reviewing and actions to achieve certification
 Support system integration testing, control laws tuning and implement SW rework
 DO-178C Documentation support for certification

 
Software Engineer responsibilities:
 A subset of these listed responsibilities will be required to support the prime activities.
 Software planning:

 Executing the development or verification activities for aerospace software projects:
 Work products to satisfy the objectives of the internationally recognised guidelines RTCA DO 178B/C.
 Work products to satisfy the Aerospace process requirements of the organisation.
 Ability to liaise with key engineering functions within our global organisation.
 As a developer/verifier you will become responsible for the overall execution of the 'Software Development Process' or 'Software Verification Process' per the approved plan and the applicable processes and standards.
 Provide plan updates and complete the acceptance and approval of the work-products generated by the project team.

 Software requirements management

 Review and acceptance of system level requirements allocated to software,
 Development of software requirements,
 Selection or development of software architecture,
 Development of software design, Software implementation and integration
 Establishing and maintaining traceability between the work-products (system requirements to software requirements, software requirements to software design etc.)
 Generation of test cases at each test level to adequately verify the operation of the software and to obtain the appropriate test coverage.
 Verification of all work-products produced by the development process,
 Verification of the traceability between work-products produced by the development process.

 Software Certification; for projects for which the candidate has been allocated the role of lead developer/verifier, you may be responsible for:

 Generating the Plan for Software Aspects of Certification,
 Resolving certification issues identified by the customer, certification authority or representative and
 Generating the Software Accomplishment Summary

 Quality, process and productivity improvements are eternal goals; to support these the candidate may be required to:

 Investigate the causes of any software defects, report findings and recommendations to management/process groups and if necessary support process changes.
 Participate in global process improvement and standardization initiatives.
 Participate in global tool standardization initiatives.
 The candidate may occasionally be required to provide support to customers (internal and external), possibly off-site.

 Qualifications & Skills Required

 Degree (BSc) or equivalent in software development, maths or electronics preferred.
 Experience of developing and verifying software throughout the software life-cycle (requirements capture, specification, design, implementation, support).
 Ideally in embedded aerospace applications, though
 A thorough understanding of the 'C' programming language is essential.
 Demonstrable experience of DO178B/C guidelines and certification.
 The ability to read circuit diagrams or schematics and to use electronics development and test tools (oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, debuggers etc.) would be highly beneficial.

 Experience of using the following, or similar software tools would also be beneficial:

 DOORS
 Serena ChangeMan Dimensions requirements management
 Rational ClearCase / ClearQuest application workflow development environment
 Unicom System Architect and/or Rhapsody architecture frameworks
 VectorCAST embedded software test environment
 QA C and/or LDRA Test Bed verification tools
 ClearCAse/ClearQuest configuration tools

