Job Title: Software EngineerLocation: DorkingContract Type: FULL TIME / PERMANENTSalary : £28,000 - £35,000Hours : Monday to Friday (37.5hr)
Are you a talented software engineer looking for an exciting new challenge? Do you have a passion for design and development, and a desire to make a difference? If so, we have the perfect opportunity for you!We are seeking a skilled software engineer to work closely with the Systems Engineering Manager within the road sweeping industry.As part of the team, you’ll be responsible for designing and developing software solutions for a cutting-edge company. In this role, you will be working to optimise performance of machines, ensuring that they meet specific requirements.The successful applicant will have a strong background in software engineering, as well as experience in design and development. You should be comfortable working with embedded control software and associated HMI – while staying up-to-date with the latest trends and technologies in the industry.
Main Duties of the software Engineer :

Participate in the creation of a software engineering design process from concept to commissioning, which can applied by new existing Software Engineers.
Buddy check and evauate any software carried out by software engineers.
Creation of control software in jetSym STX (structured text programming language) to control all aspects of sweeping functions.
Creation of HMI
Collaborate with the product/project Managers to develop software roadmaps for the machines.

In addition to technical skills, we’re looking for someone who is creative, innovative, and passionate about making a difference. You should be a self-starter who is able to work both independently and as part of a team, with the commitment of delivering high-quality work in a timely manner.If you are looking for an exciting new challenge and are passionate about design and development, we would love to hear from you.Apply today.
If you are an experienced Software Engineer and would like to find out more about this exciting role make an application via this advert or call Anton on 0330 440 2323 (BT Local Call Rate)
INDS4
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £28,000.00-£35,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Free parking
Profit sharing
Referral programme
Sick pay

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme

Work Location: In person
Reference ID: INDS4