
Are you an experienced software engineer with a passion for software development? Are you looking for a dynamic and innovative environment in which to work? If the answer is yes, then ePac Flexibles could be the right place for you. We are currently looking for a software engineer to join our European team.
 Our software engineers develop, document, and test software to ensure that the software meets the needs of the end-users and achieves our business aims and objectives, following and fostering best practices to ensure high quality software products.

 The Detail;
 Full time, Permanent, 40 hours a week Location, Europe. Salary + Performance Related Bonus
 Who are we?;
 ePac are a rapidly growing company with locations across the US, Canada, Europe and Indonesia. We utilise advanced technology and manufacturing to offer our customers fast and easy access to custom flexible packaging. Our mission, to help small brands obtain big brand presence. Our core values are;

 Provide exceptional customer service
 Help our customers grow
 Support the communities and local businesses we serve
 Develop sustainable solutions

 Find out more about us at https://vimeo.com/manage/videos/714506378
 RESPONSIBILITIES

 Delivery of quality software components and features in a timely manner aligned with ePac's overall goals.
 Designing, coding, and debugging software.
 Improving the performance of existing software.
 Improving and enhancing existing architecture, applications and shared components.
 Fosters transparency, documentation and knowledge transfer regarding software applications and technologies within the development team.
 Maintaining, upgrading, enhancing and deploying existing software.
 Investigating software related complaints and issues.
 Ensures usability, availability and security of ePac software applications.
 Minimize ongoing user support while reducing technical debt and enhancing applications.
 Provide support to Users

 TECHNICAL SKILLS

 C#
 .Net Core Web Applications
 SQL
 HTML 5 / CSS
 Javascript / React
 Azure DevOps
 Powershell
 Experience with MS Dynamics and Salesforce is a Plus

 NON-ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

 Assist in developing documentation and procedures to improve ePac’s technology operations and transparency in reporting
 Performs other duties as assigned

 QUALIFICATIONS

 Excellent listening, verbal and written communication skills in English, with the ability to be effective at all levels of the organisation
 Ability to communicate in a clear, concise, understandable manner
 Proven ability to maintain a high level of quality
 Excellent time management skills and able to shift priorities as needed
 Must be a team player and able to multitask
 Highly organised and detail oriented
 Passionate about software engineering
 Self-motivated, energetic, enthusiastic, and innovative
 Strong analytical skills
 Excellent organisational and leadership skills
 Ability to adapt and learn
 Must be fluent in English

 EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering/Computer Science or related field
 Strong analytical skills
 Good communication skills in English
 Excellent organisational skills
 Proven experience in high-level programming languages
 Proven experience in software development methodologies
 Ability to adapt and learn
 The ability to multitask

 WORK ENVIRONMENT
 90% of the time in a professional office or at home setting with some potential travel (up to 10%) to facilities and meetings.

 ePac1
 
 
UFbGP9AZWR
