
Salary: £30k - 36k per year + career progression
 
Reference: COR4908/1
 
 Software Developer, JavaScript, SQL, C++/Delphi, COR4908

 Are you a Junior Software Developer looking for a new challenge?

 I’m looking for a Software Developer to join a great company based in a beautiful rural area of Scotland, Lilliesleaf. This is an excellent opportunity for a Software Developer who has some experience with a variety of development technologies such as, JavaScript, SQL and compiled languages such as C++ and Delphi, to take the next step within their career!

 The Role
 As the Software Developer , you will join a small team of technically excellent developers working on my clients’ core software application. The role will encompass greenfield development, as well as supporting existing code, performing bug fixes and enhancements. The Software Developer will also get the chance to work on multiple projects and work with JIRA, APIs and Agile methodologies.

 The Company
 The Software Developer will be joining a UK leading software partner, based in Lilliesleaf. This company values their staff and wants to foster an environment where people love what they do and enjoy working with their colleagues - as such, the Software Developer will get access to great benefits!

 Benefits
 Some of the benefits on offer for the Software Developer , include:

 Join a team which encourages knowledge sharing and has great career progression
  Holiday allowance
  Company pension


 What’s Required?
 We are looking for a Software Developer who has worked with JavaScript and has a passion for technology, as well as some commercial experience with the following

 SQL
  Compiled languages such as C++ and Delphi
  Any experience with JIRA, APIs or have an understanding of CRM softwares would also be advantageous


 The list above is important, but not as important as hiring the right person! So if you don't meet all of the criteria above, but feel the role is of interest, please apply or get in touch today to discuss further.

 So What's Next?
 If you are a Software Developer currently, or looking to harness your career in this direction, and would like to know more about this excellent opportunity; apply now for immediate consideration!

 Software Developer, JavaScript, SQL, C++/Delphi

 Corriculo Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. #indhigh #inddev
