

Graduate Web Developer {Website Development Agency}
 Otley
 £20,000 - £25,000 + training + progression + company benefits
 Are you a Graduate Web Developer looking for an exciting start to your career, working with a rapidly growing Website Development Agency, who will help you build knowledge and confidence as you progress throughout the training process? 
On offer is the opportunity to take the first step into your web development career, whether you are fresh out of university, or looking to change career, this role will give you all the skills and experience to begin a long and successful career. 
Do you want the opportunity to work within the Website building industry, where you will be getting hands on experience developing bespoke, high-quality websites as well as take part in a structured, in-depth training program to make you the best Web Developer possible?
 In this role, the successful Graduate Web Developer will be carrying out web development tasks such as small content changes, adding or changing functionality and communicating with clients. 
The ideal candidate will be driven, willing to learn and ready to take their career to a new level.
 The Role:

 Website Development.
 6-to-12-month training course.

 The Candidate:

 Willing to learn.
 Passion for Web Development.
 Based near Otley.

 Keywords: Graduate Web Developer, Web Developer, Otley, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, Graduate
 Reference number: BBBH7541GC
 If this sounds like you, click "apply now" to send an up-to-date copy of your CV.
 We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates. The salary advertised is a guideline for this position. The offered renumeration will be dependent on the extent of your experience, qualifications, and skill set.
 Ernest Gordon Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job, you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at our website.
