
 At Charles River, we are passionate about improving the quality of people’s lives. When you join our global family, you will help create healthier lives for millions of patients and their families. 
 
 Charles River employees are innovative thinkers, who are dedicated to continuous learning and improvement. We will empower you with the resources you need to grow and develop in your career. 
 
 As a Charles River employee, you will be part of an industry-leading, customer-focused company at the forefront of drug development. Your skills will play a key role in bringing life-saving therapies to market faster through simpler, quicker, and more digitalized processes. Whether you are in lab operations, finance, IT, sales, or another area, when you work at Charles River, you will be the difference every day for patients across the globe. 
 

IMPORTANT: In order to be considered for this position, 
 a resume/CV must be uploaded and submitted during the application process. Please make sure work history and education are added correctly. 
 

Job Summary

 At Charles River, a Software Engineer is responsible for transforming designs and the product vision into working web applications. Stays on top of fast changing technology and invests a lot of energy in learning new capabilities. Knowledgeable on industry trends in web development and aware of what the near future will bring. A love for clean interfaces and a passion for great user experiences.
 

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:


Contribute with the analysis, design, development, implementation, integration and documentation of complex web based software systems.
Build applications according to the design and provide designers with feedback and suggest tradeoffs when required.
Optimise performance in applications for maximum speed and scalability.
Conduct code reviews and help colleagues troubleshoot their code.
Help write unit, integration, end to end tests, and develop automation tools for daily tasks.
Work closely with users, other computing personnel and, where necessary, suppliers of computer systems to identify/isolate software problems and faults.
Ensure work is compliant with applicable guidelines and regulations (e.g., SOX, SOP , GLP , GMP , etc.).
Challenge ideas and opinions to avoid pitfalls and inefficient solutions
Combine business knowledge, functional, technical and testing skill sets.
Meet both technical and consumer needs.
Contribute to the development of new principles and concepts.
Develop high quality, well documented, and efficient code.
Perform all other related duties as assigned.


QUALIFICATIONS:



Bachelor’s degree (B.A./B.S.) or equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or a related discipline


Expert experience with PHP, HTML, CSS/LESS/SCSS/etc., Drupal, and responsive design




Experience:


very Strongexperience in web development. Experience in agile development required.
An equivalent combination of education and experience may be accepted as a satisfactory substitute for the specific education and experience listed above.
Familiar with production Cloud / DevOps environments




Job Qualifications


IMPORTANT: A resume is required to be considered for this position. If you have not uploaded your resume in your candidate profile, please return to upload field and attach your resume/CV. 
 

About Corporate Functions 
 The Corporate Functions provide operational support across Charles River in areas such as Human Resources, Finance, IT, Legal, Sales, Quality Assurance, Marketing, and Corporate Development. They partner with their colleagues across the company to develop and drive strategies and to set global standards. The functions are essential to providing a bridge between strategic vision and operational readiness, to ensure ongoing functional innovation and capability improvement. 
 

About Charles River
 Charles River is an early-stage contract research organization (CRO). We have built upon our foundation of laboratory animal medicine and science to develop a diverse portfolio of discovery and safety assessment services, both Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) and non-GLP, to support clients from target identification through preclinical development. Charles River also provides a suite of products and services to support our clients’ clinical laboratory testing needs and manufacturing activities. Utilizing this broad portfolio of products and services enables our clients to create a more flexible drug development model, which reduces their costs, enhances their productivity and effectiveness to increase speed to market. 
 
 With over 20,000 employees within 110 facilities in 20 countries around the globe, we are strategically positioned to coordinate worldwide resources and apply multidisciplinary perspectives in resolving our client’s unique challenges. Our client base includes global pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, government agencies and hospitals and academic institutions around the world. 
 
 At Charles River, we are passionate about our role in improving the quality of people’s lives. Our mission, our excellent science and our strong sense of purpose guide us in all that we do, and we approach each day with the knowledge that our work helps to improve the health and well-being of many across the globe. We have proudly supported the development of 86% of the drugs approved by the FDA in 2021. 
 

Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Charles River Laboratories is an Equal Opportunity Employer - all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin,veteran or disabilitystatus. 
 
 If you are interested in applying to Charles River Laboratories and need special assistance or an accommodation due to a disability to complete any forms or to otherwise participate in the resume submission process, please contact a member of our Human Resources team by sending an e-mail message to crrecruitment_US@crl.com. This contact is for accommodation requests for individuals with disabilities only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications. 
 
 For more information, please visit www.criver.com. 
 

Job Segment: Cloud, Test Engineer, Developer, Testing, Software Engineer, Technology, Engineering
