
Landytech is on a mission to revolutionize the way that investment managers, asset owners and their advisors access asset information. Powered by Sesame, an industry-leading investment reporting platform, we are helping clients in over 15 countries make informed investment decisions and deliver insights faster.
 The company is growing rapidly and it's an exciting time to join, having secured $12M in Series B funding in January 2023. In just four years, it has gone from two co-founders to a team of almost 100 staff, with offices in London and Paris. At Landytech, we see diversity as our strength with a team from over 15 countries and 14 languages spoken. 
Team & Role 
We focus on using open source technologies and we love to build reliable and simple solutions. 
We are looking for a Senior React Native mobile developer, motivated, efficient, that loves both coding and good practices.
 We are ready to start the development of the mobile version of our application. We are looking for the experts that will help us conceive the core of the application.
 Here are some of the technologies used at Landytech: 

Infrastructure & Service: Azure Cloud, Azure DevOps (CI and Management), Kubernetes, Docker, Cloud Storage, Messaging/Events/Queues, Git, SonarQube
Backend: Kotlin, Java, Python, Spring Boot & Co, JPA, SQL/NoSQL, Elastic, Gradle
Frontend: React (Redux/Recoil/SWR/ReactQuery), TypeScript, nx.dev, antdesign, Jest, Webpack, Highcharts, Syncfusion, Axios.

What We Are Looking For

You will be using Atomic Design and Agile methodology, as well as Jest Java script testing
You will be collaborating cross-functionally with the Engineering, Product, Data & Implementations Teams for the seamless building and shipment of our products and product features 

Your Skills & Expertise

You have 3+ years of experience in React Native, ReactJS, State management library
You have a degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or any stem subject 
You have experience with TypeScript / JavaScript (ES6, ES7, ES8, ES9, Babel)
You have a good knowledge of Hermes, Fabric, HTML5/CSS3, react-native-cli / expo / WebPack
Previous work experience with a B2B/B2C/SAAS web design and development are a plus
Previous UI Components Library and data visualization are a plus
You are fluent in English

Our Benefits

An opportunity to work in a fast growing fintech revolutionizing investment reporting
Hybrid style of work/WFH allowed depending on role
Competitive salary & stock options package
Private medical insurance with Bupa for you and your family members
Life insurance option
Pension Plan with NEST
Cycle to Work Scheme and gym allowance
Office food & drinks, regular socials

If this sounds like a match to you, we are looking forward to receiving your application!
