
Front End Developer (Innovative TechFirm!) 
Are you a Superstar Front Developer? Do you enjoy working with React? do you want to join a creative and ambitious company going places? 
This company is going to be BIG-They are 35% up on Headcount from last year and have AMAZING Plans for 2023!!. This is a well-established company with 3,500 people worldwide.
 Do you want to make a real difference and improve people's lives?
 Are you looking to work on a LARGE Greenfield Projects?
 Are you a Problem Solver and really enjoy working within a company who is making a difference to people's lives? 
Do you want to innovate and grow with company which is going places?
 We are looking for an Ambitious, Super Driven and Engaging Person!
 Fully Remote Role- HQ in London (CITY-WEWORK!!) they like to meet twice a month In London to work in there WeWork. 
THE Hiring Managers Vison 
You will be working in a cutting Edge and Innovative Team of 4 Software Developers. The Hiring Manager is down to earth and pragmatic person who really is super passionate about building quality products!
 Project Details

 We need someone who uses their initiative and can get stuck in immediately. I don't mind if they have React or VueJS experience. They're knowledge on testing and API would be key to be successful at interview. We are looking for a candidate who has worked in a small team or who has the ability to work without a full team. A bonus would be someone who has lead/co-led the launch of a new product or has developed an existing product/software.
 Strong Communication Skills and easy going
 Have min 2+years of relevant work experience as a Reach/VueJS developer.

 Requirements:

 3+ years of experience as a Front-End developer
 In-depth knowledge of modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Vuejs, Svelte
 In-depth knowledge of modern testing methodologies, tools and practices
 Passion and enthusiasm for delivering great products
 Experience working as part of an agile development team
 Experience working with version control tools such as git

 You may be a good fit for the role if you:

 Can implement new products and features according to their acceptance criteria, as well as maintaining and improving the existing features/codebases
 Are capable of writing simple, readable and fully testable code
 Possess strong analytical and problem-solving skills
 Can communicate confidently, being able to clearly justify decisions

 Desired Experience:

 React
 Nextjs
 Typescript

 
What is the opportunity?
 
Our benefits include: Cycle to Work scheme, Training and growth opportunities, Enhanced Maternity & Paternity pay, Give as you earn, flexible working hours season ticket loans, pension schemes and free food when they do meet up.
 We are an outcomes based organisation therefore we are happy for the right person to choose their preferred working style.
 
Skills & Competencies?
 Values:
 innovative, one team, passion, and integrity.
 Interview Process: 
1st Stage with the COO on MS TEAMS -30mins- Discovery Virtual Meeting
 2nd Stage with Meeting with the Rest of the Technical Team -Technical Due Diligence
 OFFER AND START ASAP!!!!
 
Outstanding Benefits on offer

Fast Track Career Progression
upto 10%Bonus
Fully Remote and HQ Based in London
25 Days Holidays
Family and Sociable environment

 
Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. Rates of pay and salary ranges are dependent upon your experience, qualifications and training. If you wish to apply, please read our Privacy Notice describing how we may process, disclose and store your personal data: roberthalf.co.uk/legal-information/privacy-notice.
 Security alert: scammers are currently targeting jobseekers. Robert Half do not ask candidates for a fee or request candidates to send applications through instant messaging services such as WhatsApp or Telegram. Learn how to protect yourself by visiting our website: roberthalf.co.uk/fraud-alert
