
 Company Description
  About us
 We believe in the power of ingenuity to build a positive human future.
 As strategies, technologies and innovation collide, we create opportunity from complexity.
 Our diverse teams of experts combine innovative thinking and breakthrough use of technologies to progress further, faster. Our clients adapt and transform, and together we achieve enduring results.
 An innovation and transformation consultancy, we are over 4000 specialists in consumer and manufacturing, defence and security, energy and utilities, financial services, government and public services, health and life sciences, and transport. Our people are strategists, innovators, designers, consultants, digital experts, scientists, engineers and technologists.
 We operate globally from offices across the UK, US, Netherlands and Nordics.
 PA. Bringing Ingenuity to Life.



 Job Description
  PA are delighted to announce recruitment of our first cohort of Digital Apprentices. We offer unique opportunities for you to develop your skills and gain hands on software development experience on some of the most the complex digital initiatives where you’ll be using contemporary coding platforms and modern tooling. First, a little bit about us and what we believe in.
 We believe in the power of ingenuity to build a positive human future.
 As strategies, technologies and innovation collide, we create opportunity from complexity.
 Digital has changed businesses forever. Organisations that have embraced digital are leading their industry and influencing others – and those that haven’t are falling behind. Joining us as a Apprentice, you will work on an assortment of exciting projects providing innovative software solutions to our clients' most critical business issues.
 During your time spent on the Apprenticeship at PA, you’ll learn some of what it takes to be a top-notch software developer and consultant. You’ll be coached and guided by experts and have countless opportunities to broaden your experience on challenging projects and programmes. Whatever you work on, you’ll be part of the team and free to build your networks, both here at PA and far beyond.
 You will be enrolled on the L6 Digital Technology Solutions apprenticeship delivered by QA training. On successful completion of the 3-year apprenticeship you will gain a L6 Bachelors Degree in Digital & Technology Solutions Professional
 Key Responsibilities:

 Working with a team of experienced software developers and consultants to understand client requirements and develop custom software solutions
 Learning and implementing new technologies and software development best practices
 Participating in code reviews and ensure the quality of the code
 Participating in meetings with clients to understand their requirements and provide solutions
 Writing documentation and conduct training sessions to clients
 Continuously improving your skills and knowledge in software development

 What we are looking for: Skills, qualities and experience:

 Some programming skills or knowledge– preferred languages are Java, C#, JavaScript
 An understanding of relational and/or non-relational databases
 The ability to be adaptable, able to flex your style and thinking to the situation
 A collaborative working style, working at your best in dynamic teams
 Curiosity and a desire to broaden your understanding of the world
 A comfortable and credible working style, helping you to work with clients in high performance environments
 The drive to succeed — and to help others achieve the same
 The ability to work with others, and build relationships with your peers and clients
 A hunger for new challenges
 An enquiring mind, with the capability for innovative and analytical thin

 Our Offer:

 The opportunity to work alongside and learn from talented colleagues on real client challenges from the start
 The support and coaching to grow your software development skills and experience on real client work, tackling real world technical and business challenges
 The opportunity to work across all areas of the development lifecycle, from strategy to implementation, and to take on assignments in different sectors
 You will work closely with test and DevOps specialists as well as service managers on automated software releases to production
 We will provide you with a broad base of experience from which to build an outstanding digital career
 The opportunity to develop software and provide high-level technical designs in collaboration with business analysts and software architects.
 Flexible healthcare plans
 Competitive leave allowances
 A wide range of internal and external training programmes
 3 days’ volunteering for a charity of your choice through our ‘Give as You Earn’ scheme
 We work flexibly at PA, in the office, with client and remotely, and your work base will be our London Farringdon office.
 Full time role with time allowed – 20% - to participate in your apprentice programme

 This role will start in September 2023. Exact dates will be confirmed at offer stage.



 Qualifications
  A Level 3 qualification in a relevant area in any grade. Acceptable qualifications include:

 2 A levels in one or more similar subject
 Level 3 apprenticeship in a similar subject
 International Baccalaureate at Level 3 in a similar subject
 BTEC Extended Diploma in a similar subject
 A Work experience route (2-3 years) in a similar subject-related role

 Note: “Similar subject” relates to areas directly relevant to or commensurate with “Digital and Technology Solutions”
 As to what constitutes a “similar subject” this would therefore typically be areas such as but not limited to Level 3 digital apprenticeships, A-Level/BTEC Computer Science, Information Technology, Networking, Software Engineering, etc.
 Note: Learners must not hold an existing qualification at the same or higher level than this apprenticeship in a similar subject.
 Additional Information
  Inclusion & Diversity
 We believe that diversity makes us a stronger firm and look to employ people with different ideas, styles and skill sets. This diversity stimulates a rich, creative environment – one in which our people develop, and our clients enjoy enduring results. We’re committed to recruiting, promoting and rewarding our people solely based on their ability to contribute to PA’s goals, without regard to their sex, race, disability, religion, national origin, ethnicity, sexual orientation, age or marital status.
 Should you need any adjustments to the recruitment process, at either application or interview, please contact us on earlycareersrecruitment@paconsulting.com.
