
 Insilico Medicine is looking for a frontend developer to be part of a cross-functional team consisting of frontend and backend developers, QA engineers, designers, and analysts. Our processes are based on Agile development methodologies, so experience working in a similar environment is highly welcomed.
 

Responsibilities


 Develop features and improvements for the Chemistry42 product according to the requirements/designs and the latest JS specifications in a secure, well-tested, and performant way with minimal guidance from other teammates; 
Use 2D and 3D molecular visualization frameworks to improve the visualization of molecules and their interactions 
Fix prioritised issues from the backlog. 
Craft code that meets our internal standards for style, maintainability, and best practices for an enterprise web environment. Maintain and advocate for these standards through code review. 
Help improve the overall experience of our product through improving the quality of the Frontend features both in your team and features that might benefit other teams. 
Help identify areas of improvements in the code base, both specific to your team and outside your group (eg. component library) and help contribute to make it better 
Learn, collaborate and teach other Frontend Engineers.
 Contribute to and follow our workflow process, alongside the rest of the Frontend Engineers.


 Requirements


 Professional experience with React, JavaScript libraries (es6+, event loop), web sockets, HTML5, CSS3
 Experience with writing automated tests
 Experience using Git/GitLab in a professional/workplace environment
 A solid understanding in core web and browser concepts (eg. how the browser parses and constructs a web page)
 A solid understanding of semantic HTML, CSS, and core JavaScript concepts.
 Good level in the English language, both written and verbal, sufficient for writing and understanding technical requirements and communication with other team members;
 Comfort working in an agile, iterative software development process
 Positive and solution-oriented mindset
 Effective communication skills: able to achieve consensus with teammates, and clear status updates


 Nice-to-haves


 Working knowledge of Plotly/Hicharts, 3Dmol.js, Material-ui, Nodejs, TypeScript, Jest, Webpack 
Experience working with a remote team 
Enterprise software company experience
 Domain knowledge relevant to Computer-Aided Drug Design and Medical Chemistry


Please send your CV to career@insilicomedicine.com
