Software Developer
Location: Hull Office/Remote Working/Hybrid
Contract: Permanent, Full Time
Salary: 24,000 - £36,000 PA
SmarterPay are a Bacs approved software and supplier and Bureau, Salesforce ISV Partners, Sage ISV Partners and a PCI DSS Level 1 Payment Gateway. Fast becoming the UK’s preferred payment provider, we specialise in payment solutions for Direct Debit/Credits and card payments for cloud-based CRM systems, billing platforms and accounting systems.
We are looking for an experienced and dedicated Software Developer with industry experience to join our growing team and work closely with clients on a variety of exciting Agile and Scrum projects.
Core Responsibilities:

Work on a wide range of projects including bespoke customer system development, internal system updates and product upgrades
Focus on front-end and user interface development.
Test developed functionality
Assist the Support team with change requests or bugs sent from client feedback
Be able to read and create debug/troubleshooting
Produce required documentation including project specifications, user manuals and testing/implementation plans
Have a basic understanding of all SmarterPay products and services

Technologies to be used in role:

ASP.net MVC and Razor Pages.
C#
Web Services – SOAP and REST.
XML and JSON.
Databases such as SQL and MySQL.
HTML, CSS, Javascript and jQuery

Skills/Knowledge:

Over 2 years industry experience
Strong front-end development knowledge.
Ability to create and maintain professional and modern front-end user interfaces.
Knowledge ranging from ASP.net MVC, CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap and Tailwind and additional technologies to generate dynamic modern user interfaces.
High level communications skills
Ability to work on individual and team projects
Strong customer service skills
Great attention to detail
Self-motivated and able to manage own time and workload

To apply, please send your CV and cover letter to recruitment@smarterpay.com
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £24,000.00-£36,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Flexitime
Life insurance
Unlimited paid holidays
Work from home

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:n/a
Experience:

ASP.NET: 1 year (preferred)
C#: 1 year (preferred)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Hull
Application deadline: 05/05/2023Reference ID: Software DeveloperFlexitime