
Introduction


We are looking for a Software Engineer to work across a range of technologies and provide support to solutions for MOD and NATO systems. My client is open to Junior candidates or candidates who have recently finished a Grad Scheme, as long as you have a few key skills that are mentioned in the description below.
 This is a remote working role, however on-site work in my clients Southwest London office will be required once or twice a month.
 My client are a leading global defence organisation who supply their customers with world class software engineering solutions for a number of complex systems. Candidates must be eligible to hold a SC Security Clearance to be considered for this opportunity. 


Key responsibilities



Design, build, deliver and support critical customer systems
Assist with the set up and design of a project's software and hardware development environment, and CI/CD pipeline
Complete work packages on schedule and within budget
Build up technical knowledge of existing products and any new product and project developments





Skills & experience



Experience in design, development, test and integration of software.
Experience in one of the following: Java, C or C++.
Understanding of Service-Oriented and Web-Oriented Architectures.
Knowledge or experience in software configuration management, such as Git/BitBucket.
Keen to learn a broad range of technologies and languages.



Additional benefits



Travel Benefits
Pension Scheme
Paid Leave
Holiday Buy and Sell
Employee Performance Recognition Program
Employee Incentive Program
Employee Referral Award Program

Our client is committed to providing a diverse and inclusive workplace and welcomes applications from all backgrounds. 
RECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we'd like to recognise your recommendations with a 'thank you' of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you £250 of Love to Shop Gift Vouchers!
 You will be required to hold a minimum of SC Clearance. If you do not hold an active SC clearance, please familiarise yourself with the vetting process before applying.
 (c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2023.


