

Every day we tackle new and exciting challenges to empower developers to build modern cloud, mobile, and edge applications that deliver a premium user experience. Couchbase delivers unmatched performance, scalability, flexibility and financial value across cloud, on premises, hybrid, mobile and edge deployments. The database market is undergoing a generational shift and is one of the largest market opportunities in enterprise software due to big trends like the need for digital transformation, acceleration to the cloud and innovation at the edge. Join Couchbase to be a part of a greater change. Here you’ll have the opportunity to learn and grow with some of the most innovative, passionate and humble individuals in the database industry.

REQUIREMENTS

Graduate in Computer Science or related discipline - 2023 Graduates are encouraged to apply!
Experience with LinuxAwareness of NoSQL databases
Presence in GitHub (or similar)
Proficient in one or more programming languages
Loves to write high quality code
Passion for learning new technologies
Enjoys being part of a high-calibre team solving challenging problems

What you get back:

 Experience working for one of EMEA’s Best Place to Work in Tech 2022
 Salary from £35,000 + benefits
 Solve real customer problems with data
 Fun offices with a fully stacked kitchen and weekly office lunch at our award winning Manchester Office






Why Couchbase?


    Modern customer experiences need a flexible cloud database platform that can power applications spanning from cloud to edge and everything in between. Couchbase’s mission is to simplify how developers and architects develop, deploy and consume modern applications wherever they are. We have reimagined the database with our fast, flexible and affordable cloud database platform Capella, allowing organizations to quickly build applications that deliver premium experiences to their customers– all with best-in-class price performance. More than 30% of the Fortune 100 trust Couchbase to power their modern applications and build innovative new ones. See our recent awards to learn why Couchbase is a great place to work.We are honored to be a part of the Best Places to Work Award for the Bay Area and the UK. Couchbase offers a total rewards approach to benefits that recognizes the value you create here, so that you in turn may best serve yourself and your family. Some benefits include:
   

Generous Time Off Program - Flexibility to care for you and your family
Wellness Benefits - A variety of world class medical plans to choose from, along with dental, vision, life insurance, and employee assistance programs*
Financial Planning - RSU equity program*, ESPP program*, Retirement program* and Business Travel Insurance
Career Growth - Be valued, Create value approach
Fun Perks - A Monthly Lifestyle Spending Account credit, an ergonomic and comfortable in-office / WFH setup. Food & Snacks for in-office employees.
And much more!


Note: some programs are not applicable to all countries. Please discuss with a Couchbase recruiter to learn more.



Learn more about Couchbase:
 News and Press Releases
     Couchbase Capella
     Couchbase Blog
     Investors
   



Disclaimer:


   Couchbase is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Join an impact initiative group and experience the amazing feeling of Couchbase can-do culture.
  


   By using this website and submitting your information, you acknowledge our Candidate Privacy Notice and understand your personal information may be processed in accordance with our Candidate Privacy Notice following guidelines in your country of application.
  

