
Founded in 2009, Maximum Games is a global top 20 video game publisher and distributor led by Christina Seelye, a seasoned executive of consumer products and go-to-market strategies. 
Maximum Games and Modus are part of the Maximum Entertainment Group- a multinational development and publishing group dedicated to bringing the highest level of innovation, technology, and creative ambition to the global games market through its growing family of brands. The group currently consists of five studios and four publishers and leverages each entity’s unique capabilities and brand identity to deliver influential and entertaining content to gamers worldwide. 
As an innovative video game publisher, we encourage employees to set aside corporate attire and mindset in favor of entrepreneurism, strategic thinking and just enough process-orientation to be effective in a fast-paced, high-growth environment. The company values productive fun and invites team members to leverage their skills and abilities for company and personal success.
 If this is the right environment for you, we are currently searching for a Web Developer.
 This individual will be responsible for the execution of website projects, from concept through development, delivery, launch, and post-launch optimization. The ideal candidate will have project management experience, a basic understanding of UX principles, and hands-on web production skills.
 This position is full-time, and hybrid (3 days in office) from our office in St. Ives, Cambridgeshire, UK.
 In this role, you will:

 Design and develop our game product websites and unique landing pages.
 Update our corporate websites.
 Manage internal resources and external agencies for the execution of web projects from concept through development, delivery, launch, and post-launch optimization.
 Manage all communication and relationships with internal clients and resources, along with external agencies.
 Manage and define project scope, schedules, budgets, and resources throughout a project’s lifecycle.
 Oversee site QA and launch process; implement tracking and analytics.
 Use tools like Google Optimize and Google Analytics to improve our websites and support marketing goals.
 Work with Brand Management team to define the marketing website strategy.
 Create web form applications to be used by game development partners. 
Assist with other requests from the Director of Creative Services as needed.

 Ideally, you have:

 5+ years of experience producing web projects; management of websites with regularly updated content a plus.
 Must have hands-on skills with Adobe Photoshop, the ability to create wireframes, and be familiar with Content Management Systems.
 Experience designing and developing websites for desktop and mobile.
 Project management skills (experience with Jira is a plus) and the ability to manage multiple projects at once under deadline.
 Experience with SEO, web analytics, and localization/translation.
 Experience with HTML5, CSS, Javascript, and WordPress.
 Experience building and managing web form applications.
 Experience with creating rich media advertising units a plus.
 Experience with web accessibility compliance a plus.
 Ability to evaluate designs and content to ensure that it is visually impactful, meets brand guidelines, and utilizes best practices for presenting content to the targeted audience.
 Experience in the video game industry a plus; appreciation of and familiarity with video games preferred.

 As part of your application, you must include a link to your portfolio or work samples.

 
 
pRVhFRznHh
