

  We believe in better. And we make it happen.
 


   Better content. Better products. And better careers.
 


   Working in Tech, Product or Data at Sky is about building the next and the new. From broadband to broadcast, streaming to mobile, SkyQ to Sky Glass, we never stand still. We optimise and innovate.
 


   We turn big ideas into the products, content and services millions of people love.
 


   And we do it all right here at Sky.
 


   What you'll do:
 


 Work with other teams such as Senior developers, Dev ops, Architects, Analysts
 Develop quality code in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
 You will be a self-starter who is naturally curious and wants to make things better
 Problem solving and analytical thinking.
 Help find and automate process improvements



   What you'll bring:
 


 Knowledge of front end web technologies (Javascript, React JS, React Framework)
 Knowledge of Full Stack
 Agile methodologies and concepts such as Scrum, and Kanban
 Knowledge of writing unit test cases



   Team overview:
 


   UK&I Technology
 

   Ground-breaking projects. Innovative tech. Top innovation. Join our UK&I Technology team and you’ll work across technology projects that drive our TV, broadband, mobile and Sky Connect services. You’ll be at the heart of delivering the technology roadmaps that support our UK and Ireland businesses, with a focus on customer innovations for Sky Glass. That’s not all. You’ll also design, develop and deliver digital services for millions of customers across the UK.
 


   The rewards
 


   There's one thing people can't stop talking about when it comes to #LifeAtSky: the perks. Here’s a taster:
 


 Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
 The magic of Sky Glass at an exclusive rate
 A generous pension package
 Private healthcare
 Discounted mobile and broadband
 A wide range of Sky VIP rewards and experiences



   Inclusion & how you'll work:
 


   Recognised by The Times and Stonewall, we take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion. Investing in society, fighting racial injustice and setting ambitious targets for representation at Sky.
 


   We’ve embraced hybrid working and split our time between unique office spaces and the convenience of working from home. You’ll find out more about what hybrid working looks like for your role later on in the recruitment process.
 


   Your office space:
 


   Livingston Watermark House
 

   Our lively campus is a free shuttle bus away from Livingston South train station and the town centre. Plus there’s onsite parking available for cars, motorbikes and bicycles.
 

   You’ll be well fed at our subsidised canteen, and you can keep in shape at our onsite gym – or play a game of pool or table tennis.
 


   We'd love to hear from you
 


   Inventive, forward-thinking minds come together to work in Tech, Product and Data at Sky. It’s a place where you can explore what if, how far, and what next.
 


   But better doesn’t stop at what we do, it’s how we do it, too. We embrace each other’s differences. We support our community and contribute to a sustainable future for our business and the planet.
 


   If you believe in better, we’ll back you all the way.
 


   Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.
 
