Work Type 

 Contract 

 Salary/Rate 

 Negotiable 

 Remote Work 

 Yes 

 IR35 Status 

 Outside IR35 

Location: hybrid London 

Salary/Rate: £650 a day Inside IR35 

Start Date: 17/04/2023 

Job Type: Contract 

 Company Introduction 
We have an exciting opportunity now available with one of our sector-leading clients! They are currently looking for a skilled software Developer to join their team for a twelve-month contract.") 

 Job Responsibilities/Objectives 

 They are looking for a Software Developer / Application Support Analyst to build, implement and support bespoke applications. You will work with other Developers, Business Analysts, Support Teams and end users. 
in this role, you should be a team player with a keen eye for detail and problem-solving skills. If you also have experience in Agile frameworks and coding languages (Centura SQL Windows, Java, Transact SQL), we'd like to meet you. 

 Provide application support to Investment, Middle & Back-office teams. 
Produce clean, efficient code based on specifications 
Integrate software components and third-party programs 
Verify and deploy programs and systems 
Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing software 
Gather and evaluate user feedback 
Recommend and execute improvements 
Create technical documentation for reference and reporting 

 Required Skills/Experience 


The ideal candidate will have the following:
 Proven experience as a Software Developer, Software Engineer or similar role 
Familiarity with Agile development methodologies 
Experience with software design and development in a test-driven environment 
Strong knowledge of coding languages (Centura SQL Windows, Java, Transact SQL) and frameworks/systems 
Experience with databases and Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) frameworks ( Hibernate) 
Knowledge of Investment Management systems and processes 
Ability to learn new languages and technologies 
Excellent communication skills 
Resourcefulness and troubleshooting aptitude 
Attention to detail 
BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field 

 If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply now with your updated CV in Microsoft Word/PDF format. 

 Disclaimer 
Notwithstanding any guidelines given to level of experience sought, we will consider candidates from outside this range if they can demonstrate the necessary competencies. 

 Square One is acting as both an employment agency and an employment business, and is an equal opportunities recruitment business. Square One embraces diversity and will treat everyone equally. Please see our website for our full diversity statement.