
Note: This role can be based from any of our offices or remotely within the UK.
  We're making zero carbon happen
 We're OVO Group, a big family of companies united by a single vision: to get to zero carbon, fast.
 We call this Plan Zero – and it shows how we'll be fighting the climate crisis and transforming the way people use energy over the next decade. To do this, we need the sharpest minds. Are you up for the challenge?
 Do great green things with OVO Energy
 So much has changed since we launched in 2009. Our goal remains the same though: make energy cheaper, greener, and simpler. Just as it was on day one.
  Everyone belongs at OVO
 Our aim is to build a diverse and inclusive movement: teams of brilliant people, with unique talents, skills, passions, and experiences.
 We encourage everyone to join us, whatever your gender identity, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, age, life experience, or background. So please come as you are – we can't wait to meet you.
  Where in the world of OVO will I be working?
 Working within our Consumer Technology area, you'd join other Front End and Full Stack Engineers building experiences for OVO Customers across our different platforms.
 We currently have a vacancy for a mid/senior Front End Engineer, so if you have a passion for taking ownership, building amazing experiences and deploying new features which all of our customers love and use daily, we want to hear from you!
 Across OVO we have around 350 Software Engineers all with varying backgrounds and levels of experience. One key thing that all of our engineers have in common is a desire to develop brilliant, industry redefining products as well as their own skills.
  Is this job for me?
 You're the right person for us if:

Genuinely passionate about developing products that will positively impact over a million people and also our environment
Love working in teams and collaboratively building features that impact customers
You're motivated by owning products, from inception to continuous improvement
You understand building quality is essential and you value automation and continuous delivery
Love building scalable, resilient solutions
Seeking learning opportunities to deepen your expertise or broaden your knowledge
Built or contributed to a variety of systems, ideally in different technologies
Knowledge of the best engineering practices and continuous delivery
Experience building highly performant applications

What experience you'll need:

Experience with React and/or React Native
Experience with JavaScript and/or TypeScript
An eye for designing solutions that are resilient and scalable
Attention to detail and focus on security
Passion for technical excellence
Familiarity with Test Driven development is beneficial

We love to work with passionate software engineers at different stages of their career, from junior to senior, anyone will have the opportunity to make an impact. If you love tinkering with frontend technologies and are passionate about creating the best in class user experiences, this is the job for you!
  Handy Links:

Interview Tips: https://tech.ovoenergy.com/how-to-nail-that-dream-job/
Our Tech Blog: https://tech.ovoenergy.com/
Our GitHub: https://github.com/ovotech
Our Technology Stack: https://techradar.ovotech.org.uk/


 Let's talk about what's in it for you
 We'll pay you between £52,170 and £88,750, depending on your specific skills and experience. If your expectations are a little different, have a chat with us! We keep our pay ranges broad on purpose to give us, and you, flexibility to match your experience to our zero carbon mission.
 You may be eligible for an on-target bonus. We have one OVO bonus plan that focuses on the collective performance of our people to deliver our Plan Zero goal.
 We also offer plenty of green benefits and progressive policies to help you feel like you belong at OVO…and there's flex pay. It's an extra 9% of your salary on top of your core pay to use as you like. You can take it as cash, add to your pension, or choose to spend it on a huge range of flex benefits.
 Here's a taster of what's on offer:
 For starters, you'll get 34 days of holiday (including bank holidays). 
For your health With benefits like a healthcare cash plan or private medical insurance depending on your career level, critical illness cover, lif)e assurance, health assessments, and more  For your wellbeing With gym membership, gadget, travel and cyber insurance, workplace ISA, will writing services, DNA testing, dental insurance, and more   For your lifestyle  With extra holiday buying, discount dining, culture cards, tech loans, and supporting your favourite charities with give-as-you-earn donations  For your home  Get up to £300 off any OVO Energy plan (when you pay by Direct Debit), plus personal carbon offsetting and great discounts on smart thermostats and EV chargers  For your commute  Nab a great deal on ultra-low emission car leasing, plus our cycle to work scheme and public transport season ticket loans   Want to hear about our full range of flexible benefits and progressive people policies? Our People Team can tell you everything you need to know.
  Oh, and one last thing...
 We'd be thrilled if you tick off all our boxes yet we also believe it's just as important we tick off all of yours. And if you think you have most of what we're looking for but not every single thing, go ahead and hit apply. We'd still love to hear from you!
