The Role:
We’re looking for a Developer to join one of our agile Scrum teams, using the latest cutting-edge Google cloud technologies. Reporting to one of our Senior Developers, this role is responsible for developing quality code from inception through to delivery and support of the code once live. Ensuring that all code developed meets the acceptance criteria and as much as possible will go into live without any issues.
Principle Accountabilities:

Coding new or refactors programs, scripts, automation, and integration systems.
Documenting new or maintaining existing documentation for all software developed.
Ensuring all software developed is reviewed and signed off.
Taking technical responsibility across all stages and iterations of software development.
Applying to agreed standards and tools, to achieve well-engineered outcomes.
Improving, sharing, and retaining a critical in-depth knowledge of the systems maintained by MandM Direct.
Translating and communicating complex technical information/issues, in a clear and accurate way to a diverse audience of both technical and business users.
Contributing to the team scrum work fairly according to the role within the team.
Collaborating with other team members according to the SDLC to ensure that all issues are known and collaboratively resolved.
Using the team and other teams when stuck on a problem to help to resolve any blockers as quickly as possible.
Encouraging new ideas and continuous improvement across the team and the wider department.

Hours of Work:
General office hours, working 5 days per week, Monday to Friday (hybrid working 2 days per week onsite at Leominster, Herefordshire).
Experience Required:

Proven commercial experience in the full SDLC developing web-based solutions and testing solutions using Test Automation and Selenium Tools.
Experience using TDD and BDD and developing with 100% unit test coverage.
The ability to design database schemas for relational database or object stores and understands when to use each.
Experience developing in Cloud technologies including testing and monitoring on a cloud platform.
The ability to work as part of the team when pair programming and as an individual without direction from a senior team member, creating good clean solutions according to our standards.

The Ability to Develop Using the Following:

Web Applications using C# with MVC5, ASP.Net, Windows
C# to create professional restful API's (WebAPI) following API standards
Applications or Windows Services using C#
Using C# with Entity Framework, LINQ, MSMQ, and integration with Stored Procedures.

Desirable Skills:

Developing in a cloud environment and is familiar with Google’s portal.
The ability to develop services in an event-driven microservice architecture and understand the principles of event-driven design.
Knowledge of Operational Services functions (DevOps), can help to deploy, monitor, and troubleshoot issues relating to configuration and performance.
Fully understands principles of CI / CD and is proficient with using the tools (Bamboo, Google Cloud Orchestration) to create, maintain and trigger the builds and deployments of code throughout the environment.

About Us:
MandM Direct is one of Europe's leading off-price retailers, with over 3.5 million customers shopping with us every year. In today’s hypercompetitive environment, building a brand that our customers can trust is more important than ever. Our long term success is due to our fast-paced, innovative and adaptable environment which continues to keep up with the market’s demands.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: Up to £45,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Additional leave
Canteen
Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Employee discount
Flexitime
Gym membership
Life insurance
On-site parking
Referral programme
Sick pay
Wellness programme

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme

Ability to commute/relocate:

Leominster: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in LeominsterFlexitime