
 We have an exciting and rewarding opportunity for you to take your software engineering career to the next level. 
 Job Summary   As a React Software Engineer III at JPMorgan Chase CapTable (CIB), you serve as a seasoned member of an agile team to design and deliver trusted market-leading technology products in a secure, stable, and scalable way. You are responsible for carrying out critical technology solutions across multiple technical areas within various business functions in support of the firm's business objectives.   The Global Shares acquisition was announced on March 15, 2022, the project is centred around an exciting, large-scale corporate integration. Global Shares is a leading cloud-based provider of share plan management software, which has an expansive client base of over 600 corporate clients and nearly $200 billion in assets under administration across 650,000 corporate employee participants. 
Job Responsibilities  

Applies practical experience of Agile software methodologies 
Executes software solutions, design, development, and technical troubleshooting with ability to think beyond routine or conventional approaches to build solutions or break down technical problems 
Creates secure and high-quality production code and maintains algorithms that run synchronously with appropriate systems 
Gathers, analyses, synthesises, and develops visualisations and reporting from large, diverse data sets in service of continuous improvement of software applications and systems 
Proactively identifies hidden problems and patterns in data and uses these insights to drive improvements to coding hygiene and system architecture 
Adds to team culture of diversity, equity, inclusion, and respect 

Required qualifications, capabilities and skills  

Demonstrated ability to code in React, making use of HTML5/CSS3/JavaScript 
Demonstrated knowledge of software applications and technical processes within a technical discipline, specifically building out cloud native solutions (AWS). 
Formal training or certification on software engineering concepts and formal applied experience 
Hands-on practical experience in system design, application development, testing, and operational stability 
Experience in developing, debugging, and maintaining code in a large corporate environment with one or more modern programming languages and database querying languages 
Overall knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle 
Solid understanding of agile methodologies such as CI/CD, Application Resiliency, and Security 

Preferred qualifications, capabilities and skills  

Emerging knowledge of software architecture design such as TDD/DDD 
Familiarity with modern back-end technologies (Java) 

J.P. Morgan is a global leader in financial services, providing strategic advice and products to the world's most prominent corporations, governments, wealthy individuals and institutional investors. Our first-class business in a first-class way approach to serving clients drives everything we do. We strive to build trusted, long-term partnerships to help our clients achieve their business objectives.
 We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
