

  End Date
  Tuesday 09 May 2023
 

 Agile Working Options
  Unable to Offer Agile Options
 

   Job Description Summary
  Do you love analysing and solving problems? Do you dream of creating next-generation software with the help of an experienced team? Within Lloyds Banking Group, we’re looking for people with the potential, passion and drive to embark on their journey to become a Software Engineer of the Future.
 

   Job Description
 

   Could you be one of our Engineers of the Future?
 


   Do you love analysing and solving problems? Are you fascinated by the newest tech? Do you dream of creating next-generation software with the help of an experienced team? Do you have an interest in coding / code clubs?
 


   Are you curious about how we're redefining banking to meet our customers’ needs and want to help us to be the best bank for Britain? Are you a strong communicator and a great team player, who is always keen to keep learning and developing?
 


   If this sounds exciting and you want to help build the bank of the future, this Software Engineer Apprenticeship is for you.
 


   Join us in the Group Chief Operating Office (GCOO) and be part of an inclusive, values-led culture that celebrates diversity, equal opportunity and provides opportunities for flexible working. Our approach to inclusion and diversity means that we all have the opportunity to make a real difference, together.
 


   What we're looking for:
 


   We’re looking for people with the potential, passion and aim to embark on their journey to become a Software Engineer of the Future. You’ll be a team player who loves using data and tech to find innovative solutions to problems and help the team to deliver the best for our customers.
 


   What you’ll have:
 




     Logical and creative thinking skills
   


     Passion for solving problems
   


     A detailed and organised approach
   


     Ability to communicate in a variety of situations
   



   How will the Apprenticeship programme support you?
 


   Starting in September / October 2023, we’ll support your study for a fully funded Level 4 Software Developer apprenticeship, with the opportunity to then progress onto a Level 6 Degree apprenticeship in Digital & Technology Solutions with one of our partner universities.
 


   You’ll be supported through your Level 4 Software Developer apprenticeship – delivered by our trusted partner Firebrand Training, your Line Manager, in work Buddy and Apprenticeship Learning Mentor.
 


   Whilst on the Apprenticeship scheme 20% of your time will be dedicated to ‘Mandatory Apprenticeship Hours’, which can include attending workshops, shadowing, reading, completing assignments etc. This means 80% of your role is applying your learning in the workplace, in a safe environment.
 


   Once you’ve successfully completed your initial apprenticeship, you’ll be a proficient Software Engineer and be given the opportunity to undertake an apprenticeship degree.
 


   Please note – you’ll be required to be based in the location listed on this vacancy and will be expected to be in the office 2-3 days per week. Additional travel may also be required as part of this role.
 

   As a Trainee Software Engineer, you’ll:
 




     Learn how to write code and operate at all stages of the software development lifecycle
   


     Build, lead and deploy code into customer and business environments
   


     Test code and analyse results
   


     Understand the structure of our Programmes inside out in order to identify and resolve issues
   


     Build simple data models and software designs
   


     Develop skills in agile ways of working
   



   Whilst learning about our current technologies, you’ll build up experience of our systems to support the critical services we provide for our customers. By staying curious about developments in the world of tech, you’ll also have the chance to help build innovative new solutions for our customers.
 


   Eligibility Criteria:
 


   We expect you to be motivated, ambitious and committed to your own development.
 


   In order to complete an apprenticeship, there needs to be a significant learning need. You need to consider your previous qualifications or significant relevant work experience which may mean you cannot proceed with this application.
 


   What this means is that if you have a computer science degree or you have experience in this type of role, you may be over-qualified for this position and not considered for this vacancy.
 


   What you’ll have:
 


   We expect you to be motivated, ambitious and committed to your own development.
 




     You’ll be studying towards at least one A-Level (or equivalent) or have at least one year’s work experience by September 2023 – these can include predicted grades.
   





     If you haven’t already achieved GCSEs Grades 4 – 9 (or equivalent) in Maths and English, we’ll support you to complete your Functional Skills in these areas to bring you up to this level.
   



   Application Process:
 


   After submitting your initial application, you’ll be required to complete a Job Insight Assessment, which includes a Coding for Potential activity. If successful at this stage, you’ll be invited to attend a virtual assessment centre as part of the selection process. We’ll let you know as soon as we can if you have been progressed to the next stage.
 


   What you’ll get in return:
 


   In return, we’ll offer you a competitive package which includes salary, bonus, a generous pension contribution and an attractive path of progression. We have a long track record of flexible working, and we’re always open to new ways to improve our people’s work-life balance, therefore open to discussion on working patterns and working hours.
 


   Lloyds Banking Group is committed to building a workforce which reflects the diversity of the customers and communities we serve, and to creating an inclusive workplace where all our colleagues can be themselves and succeed on merit.
 


   Starting salary:
 



     London - £34,398
   



   Apprenticeships worth discovering
 


   If you’re interested in joining this ground-breaking programme, please register your application and take the first step towards an exciting career in Software Engineering within Lloyds Banking Group.
 


   Note: we’re recruiting for a number of different apprenticeship roles at the moment, so if you apply for multiple vacancies in this business area, you’ll only be asked to attend one assessment centre.
 


   Interested? What’s stopping you? Apply now!
 


   You might be looking at this vacancy, worrying whether you're right for this role, we know it is daunting thinking about embarking on something new, but apprenticeships are one of the best ways to make this happen. You'll be supported by the team, follow a structured learning programme and learn in a safe environment.
 


   Our roles generate a lot of interest and occasionally we have to close adverts slightly earlier than stated on our website. So if you think working with us could be right for you, please apply now.
 


   If you have any queries regarding the recruitment process please email: 
  
   lloydsbankinggroup@cappfinity.com
  



   At Lloyds Banking Group, we're driven by a clear purpose; to help Britain prosper. Across the Group, our colleagues are focused on making a difference to customers, businesses and communities. With us you'll have a key role to play in shaping the financial services of the future, whilst the scale and reach of our Group means you'll have many opportunities to learn, grow and develop.
 


   We're focused on creating a values-led culture and are committed to building a workforce which reflects the diversity of the customers and communities we serve. Together we’re building a truly inclusive workplace where all of our colleagues have the opportunity to make a real difference.
 
