



    LOCATION
   

 Waterloo, London


       Hybrid
     





     SALARY
   
 £55k-£70k





     TECHNOLOGIES USED
   



       Python
     



       Django
     







     OUR CLIENT
   
 Global Energy Company

     SPECIALTY
   
 Upstream/Downstream, Bio-Fuels, Integrated Gas, New Energies, Chemicals, Energy and Trading

     INDUSTRY
   
 Energy

     COMPANY SIZE
   
 80000+ Employees





     AUBAY'S TAKE
   
 Our client is one of the Super Major global energy companies with who are working to power progress through cleaner energy solutions. You will have the opportunity to work in a challenging but rewarding environment that is fast paced and changing fundamentally, and work towards transforming the business of a Super Major energy company to meet the ambition to be a net-zero emissions energy business by 2050, whilst delivering a world class business case that has a strong societal license to operate. In your role you will be expected to enact change and deliver value globally across business lines and geographies.





     EMPLOYEE TESTIMONIAL
   


     Because you are not a direct employee right away, you have the flexibility to land in the company, understand how the business operates, and see what opportunities are available that interest you and have those conversations internally. I was presented with my current opportunity because of Aubay and its model which made it easier to get in the door and land the position I wanted within [a Global Energy Company]'s business.
   





     BENEFITS FROM AUBAY
   

     At Aubay UK, people are at the heart of our business. We offer a competitive remunerations package which includes a range of benefits. You will receive continuous support from our dedicated team of Talent Acquisition Specialists who will support your career development and success during your assignment with our client.
   





        25 Days Annual Leave
      




        Perkbox Discount Scheme
      




        Work From Home Opportunities
      




        Pension Scheme
      




        Opportunities to Work Directly with our Client
      




        Training Opportunities
      




        Discount Holidays at I'Aero Chalet
      









 HAVE QUESTIONS?
 Contact Fernanda
 Email - frozan@aubay.com









Role Summary

     Aubay is seeking a Backend Software Engineer to join our Global Energy client’s team and help them change the world of energy. We're looking for someone excited about green energy and software development to help tackle their reconciliation engine, a core piece of their platform strategy that ingests, curates, and exposes accurate time series data used to drive billing, trading and our data science. The data is delivered in real-time, across hundreds of data sources in minute-level blocks, compiled against different customers with different processes, and combined with the complex nature of the energy industry in the UK and abroad. Your contribution would be more than just code: our client’s team develops its architecture by consensus, so you'd be informing design decisions from day one. Our client also has a culture of mentorship across the company, so you'd be expected to help others advance your skills while having the opportunity to learn from engineers more experienced than yourself.
   




 Essential Requirements

 3+ years back-end software development experience, some of which with Python
 Experience working with relational databases, e.g. PostgreSQL
 A passion for Energy's vision of a sustainable future, and a commitment to our values
 Knowledge of standard methodologies and best practices in software development: CI/CD, object-oriented design
 An open and collaborative attitude with a desire to help others


 Desirable Experience

 Significant experience with Django
 ETL/workflow automation experience
 Understanding of container-based architecture – Docker and/or Kubernetes
 Experience with time series databases
 Kubernetes / container architecture experience
 Energy/Fintech industry experience




