
Location: While the majority of our team is based in the Aberdeen area, we are willing and open to expand our search to hire fully remote employees in other locations within Scotland. Must be authorized to work in the UK.
 Curve Dental is looking for a skilled and driven individual to join our team! Curve provides Dental Practices with award winning software and high-level customer support. Our software allows dentists to manage their full business including patient scheduling, billing, imaging and record keeping. 
Beyond the day to day business we are committed to building a work environment where employees feel safe and appreciated for their contributions. We value our team's individual and combined success, and we have fun along the way!
 Job Summary
 We hire developers who are passionate about software development and technically excellent. Our developers work across the full stack of an application and understand that a project is not done until it has been deployed to production for our users. We want developers who can contribute positively to our culture and teach us things we didn't know before. Those same developers are always hungry to learn and improve in any way they can.
 Things we're looking for in terms of more specific skill-sets and experience:

 BSc In Computer Science or related technical discipline (or equivalent)
 Extensive programming experience in a language that demands strong OO skills (C# / Java / C++ / etc.). Note that we don't use all these technologies; these are examples of the types of skills we look for
 Extensive experience working with JavaScript frameworks in a rich web application
 Experience with AngularJS and Angular 8+
 Code reviews & Continuous Improvement are a part of everyday life in your work
 Experience with database design and SQL
 Several years of software design and development experience
 A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design
 Previous experience with agile development methodologies and unit testing
 An interest in working with industry-leading technologies such as Ansible, Angular, NetCore, AWS and BI
 Knowledge of PHP & Unix / Linux is beneficial but not essential

