

About Admiral Pioneer
Admiral Pioneer is a new entity within Admiral Group with the objective of seeding, launching and scaling new businesses in areas of increasing societal importance. We are focusing on three significant domains:

Mobility
Future of Work
Live to 101

These domains are long term growth areas for Admiral. We anchor around meeting customer needs and are focused on experimenting and proving new products, business models and partnerships through a discovery driven approach.
We aren’t an incubator, we are building a dynamic and energizing environment where we will provide all the excitement and freedom of a start-up, with the support and stability of an established organization. We want to recruit passionate business builders who look at the world and see huge opportunities to change it.
The Small Business team
Surviving in business is tough. Succeeding is even harder. We want to make it possible for more small businesses to survive and thrive - by building personalised products and services that allow our customers to run their business as well as they perform their craft.
We are a high-impact collaborative team of passionate individuals who are constantly looking at ways to enhance customer experience through a human centered design approach, rigour experimentation and a test and learn mindset. We are looking for bright and talented individuals who have a can-do attitude and will thrive in this enabling environment. We treat our colleagues openly, equally, and fairly and give them a ton of opportunity and freedom to do their best work and make a positive impact.
Working at Toolbox
With the culture and agility of a start-up but with the backing of an established industry leader, working at Toolbox means being open to new ideas, experimentation, moving fast and breaking things all whilst learning about our customers.
Main duties
As a UI Developer you will,

Experienced in creating engaging designs to build intuitive, accessible user journeys from concept to final realisation
Create documentation and UI guidelines.
Design user journeys, low-fidelity mock-ups and test your designs.
Creating engaging designs to build intuitive, accessible user journeys from concept to final realisation
Create documentation and UI guidelines.
Design user journeys, low-fidelity mock-ups and test your designs.
Design industry-standard programs Sketch, XD, Photoshop, Illustrator, InVision, Zeplin, Figma and wireframing
Be responsible for helping improve and build user-centric customer experiences across digital services, websites, and applications.
Show us through your work, your appreciation and understanding of the entire end-to-end design process, from research and ideation, to problem-solving through to detailed UX and visual design for users/customers across multiple devices/viewports

Requirements:
The successful candidate will ideally have:

4+ years of UX & UI experience
Solid web/app/UI design experience
Proficient in HTML5 & CSS3, client scripting like JavaScript, designing including Pug, Sass, Less & related technologies.
Proficient in responsive web design using media queries & bootstrap/foundation
Page speed optimization activities
Experience with industry-standard design programs Sketch, XD, Photoshop, Illustrator, InVision, Zeplin, Figma and wireframing
Expert in Headless CMS (Sanity) based set up including new themes creations, customization and related set ups.
Understanding of design patterns, such as atomic design
Ability to work in Sanity Headless CMS environment.
Proficient with Webpack, Github and other related code bundling & management tools.
Experience with utilising user research and testing methods to elicit actionable data
Experience working within agile development teams and following an iterative user-centered design process

Salary, Benefits and Work-Life Balance
We do not have a set salary for this position, as it will be dependent on the successful candidate’s experience. We are happy to see CVs from all candidates who meet the requirements and will be happy to discuss the remuneration package.
At Admiral, we are proud to be a diverse business where we put our people and customers first. We have great benefits to ensure employees have a great work-life balance; it's one of the reasons we’re consistently voted one of the Sunday Times Best Big Companies to Work For in the UK. We want you to have an element of freedom to define a working lifestyle that supports this, so accommodate flexible hours wherever possible.
All colleagues will receive 33 days holiday (including banks holidays) when they join us, and this will increase with length of service, up to a maximum of 38 days (including banks holidays). You also have the option to buy or sell up to five days of annual leave in addition to your allocation.
You can also view some of our other key benefits here.
At Admiral Pioneer we have a hybrid way of working, meaning our employees work both from home and in the office. We understand everyone has their own preference of working and so we are open to discussion on how this would look for you. If you have any questions or would like to learn more, please reach out to our Recruitment Team here.

