

Job Details 
Software Engineering Intern 
Positions are for 1 year starting July 2023 

WHO WE ARE: 
The Johnson Controls R&D Centre in Sunbury, Surrey, is a world leader in the development of fire detection systems. Johnson Controls has over 100,000 employees in more than 150 countries developing and delivering systems to create intelligent, energy efficient and safe buildings. Our systems are in over 90% of the iconic buildings in the world. 

Bring your passion for innovation and we will challenge you to help us create a better tomorrow. 

WHAT YOU WILL DO: 
You will be working in the Research & Development department which specialises in the development of automatic fire detection products to protect people and buildings from the risk of fire. The fire detection system is a key component in a building to provide a safe environment. 

Our high technology systems combine control panels with powerful graphical user interfaces and high performance fire detectors; all designed in Sunbury using state of the art hardware and software. 

You will join a team of software engineers and gain experience in one or more of these skills: 

Developing Embedded Software on microcontrollers 
Writing Desktop applications using Object Oriented Programming in a .NET (Windows) environment 
Creating mobile applications for Android 
Developing Embedded Software in an embedded Linux environment 
Planning and conducting design qualification testing. Prove that it works! 
Working with other departments including Hardware Engineers, Drawing Office team, Technical Authors, Software Quality Assurance, Production and Test Engineering 

Training will be provided on the software tools and design techniques used in the department. 

You will be working in an office environment* combined with testing in a laboratory. 

WHAT YOU NEED: 

Studying a Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Electronic Engineering or related subjects 
Ability to develop software in one or more languages such as C, C++, C#, Python, Java, etc. 



Be a team player: Able to work both as part of a team and independently 
Quick to learn: A willingness to learn new skills and accept new challenges 
Flair for lateral thinking and problem solving 
Pro-active and self-motivating 
Good communicator in English, both verbally and in writing 


BENEFITS 

Friendly working environment with outside activities such as football, badminton and other social events 
Competitive salary 
37.5 hours per week 
Based in modern office complex* in Sunbury-on-Thames (TW16 5DB) with good road and rail links (5 minutes’ walk from Sunbury/Kempton Park stations) 
Free on-site parking 
Staff restaurant 
25 days paid holiday per year


