A-Plan Group
The A-Plan Group is part of the Howden and is the parent company of number of insurance and related businesses including: A-Plan Insurance, Endsleigh Insurance and Assured Futures.
A-Plan Group’s technology investments are a core component of its continued growth and recognised as an important asset. A-Plan Group’s technology sales now extend to external customers. Technology services range from public facing website development and customer management solutions through to back-end quoting engines and data science services.
The Cheltenham development team services partners across the group on projects encompassing the full technology stack with a particular focus on performant, cloud based, middleware solutions.
The Role
We currently are looking for two junior to mid-level developer. This is an exciting opportunity to join a new and growing team.
You will be an enthusiastic, resourceful developer with a passion for delivering robust and effective software solutions. The role will be full stack developer. Any work experience of using C#.Net to develop object-orientated software with an awareness of the wider technological landscape will be a plus point.
Working within our dynamic and supportive team, you will be expected to produce innovative, practical, and reliable solutions to a wide range of requirements. You will collaborate and communicate well with the development team and partners within the business, accurately interpreting briefs, identifying opportunities and mitigating risks.
Skills and Experience
Experience in C# and .net framework is required along with exposure to Blazor. Knowledge of Web API, MS Azure and any formal testing methodologies is desirable. Successful candidates will be expected to have worked in, or have a working knowledge of, agile development.
Knowledge and experience of one or more of the following skills is advantageous
- Azure DevOps/Git
- SQL Server/TSQL
- SOLID and Clean coding principles
- Css/Sass
- MAUI (any other mobile app development framework)
You should be able to evidence your skills in the above areas through your work experience and portfolios.
Benefits
We offer a salary of £25-50k depending on experience with a genuine opportunity to develop your professional portfolio and gain experience of many cutting edge and commercially relevant technologies.
Other benefits include:

Great opportunity for career advancement within a rapidly growing company
Flexible hours of work, with a 37.5-hour week
Work from home (office visit once a month)
Great office space at Cheltenham, Gloucester and London:On-site parking (Gloucester office)
Easy public transport access
25 days holiday per annum
Business casual dress code
Gym membership discounts
Life assurance
Howden shareholder options
Pension contributions
Perkbox access
& more…

A-Plan group are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £35,000.00-£50,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Employee discount
Flexitime
Free parking
Gym membership
On-site parking
Profit sharing
Referral programme
Sick pay
Store discount
Work from home

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday
No weekends

Education:

Bachelor's (preferred)

Experience:

C#: 1 year (required)

Work Location: RemoteFlexitime