
At Habitat Energy we bring together exceptionally talented and passionate people in the domains of energy trading, data science, software engineering and an in-depth understanding of flexible energy assets. Our aim is to maximise the value of large-scale flexible energy assets, (e.g. battery storage), so they are attractive investments, are deployed at scale and enable the energy transition.

 We are looking for smart, motivated people to join our team who share our belief that we can outperform the energy sector dinosaurs, have a positive impact on the planet and have fun doing it together.

 We have a vacancy for a Software Engineer in Test to join the members of our team in Oxford, UK.

 You will be responsible for:


 Be responsible for defining and implementing the whole processes around testing our code
Writing tests suites to ensure any bugs or regressions on our applications are captured before reaching production
Improving our confidence in our Python & VueJS applications
Help building and maintaining our preprod stack, reflecting as much as possible our production environment
Continuously improving our testing processes and build up documentation
Be part of the CI/CD definition to allow our tech teams to code and deploy in confidence
Applying best coding practices and follow industry standards in all parts of the implementation



 We’re looking for someone who is a great fit for our company. We want people who take accountability, build trust and are innovative. We encourage you to apply even if you may not meet every requirement in this posting. We value diversity and our environment is supportive, challenging and focused on the consistent delivery of high quality, meaningful work.

 Requirements:

You have been working with an object oriented language in an operational context for at least 3 years
You have experience with testing frontend applications built with VueJS (or ReactJS) and testing backend applications built with Python.
You have experience with testing containers built with Docker and deployed to cloud environments (ideally AWS) with Terraform
You have experience with testing applications communicating with databases with Python (ideally SQLAlchemy ORM)
You desire to be part of a fast-paced operational team (e.g. high availability)
You have the ability to simplify and communicate complex issues
You have a degree in computer science, engineering or related technical field or equivalent experience



 Extra credit if you can demonstrate:

You have experience with testing integrated within a CI/CD pipeline on multiple environments
You have knowledge and experience of using CI and CD.
You have experience with real-time (streaming) data management, transformation and orchestration tools and approaches
You have experience testing APIs (REST / GraphQL) and understanding of security best practices.
You have experience with asynchronous messaging queues (ideally RabbitMQ/SQS)



 In return, we’ll give you a competitive salary, flexible working arrangements and a lot of personal development opportunities.

 Interested? Get in touch!
 No agencies please.

 When you apply for a job with us, we process some of your personal information. You can find out more about how we process your information in our candidate privacy policy, here.
