


Location:
2-3 days office based role





Disclaimer:
 Applicants need to be locally based and have a full UK driving license. This is an office based role. 
   









The Brief:
 If you’re a Software Developer at the start of your career and want to build top quality, modern web applications in .NET, then we’re keen to hear from you. We’re looking for someone who has a working knowledge of .NET technologies (ideally .NET 5 and .NET WebForms) perhaps from doing a related degree or from a year or so of commercial experience.
 Location: Blisworth, Northamptonshire
 Salary: £20,000 – £25,000 per annum + benefits
 The Company:
 At Silverstone Software we build brilliant software that is tailor-made for our clients whilst working on our own SaaS products. We’re based in rural Northamptonshire in the beautiful village of Blisworth. We pride ourselves on being a friendly and relaxed software house and believe that our staff are our most valuable assets. Since we started, we’ve been creating excellent web and mobile apps for our clients and we’re proud to say that we’re now working with some household names.
 The Role:
 We are looking for a Junior Software Engineer, ideally with either 6+ months of workplace experience or a related degree, to join a dedicated team focused on the development of a suite of .NET 5 and .NET Webform web applications. We provide excellent on the job training in a friendly, flexible working environment.
 Your Experience:

Microsoft .NET 5 and .NET Webforms
MVC
Microsoft SQL Server database design and architecture
SQL query writing

You:
 You’re a friendly, open person with a good mix of personal and technical skills. You will be working with a team of like-minded people who are all keen to collaborate and drive each other forward to benefit themselves, the company and our clients. You’re keen to learn and develop your skills further.
 The Details:
 Salary will be between £20k and £25k per annum based on your experience and software development skills. You will receive 21 days holiday per year (excluding bank and public holidays) and once beyond your probation period will qualify for flexible working hours. You will be able to work from home 3 days a week with the other 2 days being office based.
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
 Salary: £20,000.00-£25,000.00 per year
 Benefits:

Casual dress
Flexible schedule
On-site parking
Sick pay
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations: To help with COVID-19 we’re allowing all staff to work from home 3 days per week. When in the office we do rigorous cleaning and maintain social distancing.
 Experience:

C# and .Net: 1 year (Preferred)

Licence:

driving (Preferred)

Work remotely:

Yes









