
Job Title: Software Developer
 Salary: £70,000
 Location: Remote/ UK based – Must be commutable to Reading


 The Company
 An IoT specialised Connectivity Provider are looking for a Software Developer to join their team on a remote and home-based basis. This role does include some travel to customer sites and meetings in the office in Reading, meaning you must be in commutable distance to the area.
 As Software Developer, you will have the opportunity to work on developing and building a brand-new Software Product for their connectivity division.
 The business is primarily focused on delivering connectivity and IoT solutions in the multiple sectors in the UK. They offer a complete end-to-end service for the design, implementation, and management of a range of cutting-edge technology solutions in particular IoT. They are highly accredited partners amongst their household name vendors and have won numerous awards for the quality of their IT services.
 So not only will you be working with the best and latest tech on the market, but you’ll be also working as part of an award-winning quality team.


 The Software Developer Role & Responsibilities
 As a Software Developer, you will be responsible for developing an IoT solution for their Mobile and data Products. This will include testing and launching the product.
 Your day-to-day responsibilities will include:

Writing and maintaining documentation.
Writing test codes and increasing test coverage.
Working as part of the Architectural and Code review team.
Supporting and enhancing the exiting solution.
Reviewing code and mentoring junior staff.



 Skills and Experience Required for the Software Developer:
 The business offers remote and hybrid working to support you to work however is best for you. The business does ask however that you have:

At least 3 years full Software Development Lifecycle experience (SDLC).
3+ years of Developing and writing Code.
Experience of Angular, React, and TypeScript.
Experience of TDD.
Knowledge of other JavaScript Frameworks, like Nest and Vue.
Experience with other programming tools such as Python or Java or NodeJS.


