




    Software Engineering 
   



    Westbury 
   


About the Role

    We have a very exciting opportunity for you to join us on a 12 month placement. This is ideal if you are a student who is studying a degree which includes a year in employment. Positions are available at our C6ISR business, in Gloucester, our Training and Logistics Solutions business, in Westbury, and our Integrated Systems business, in Havant - some positions may be available for remote working.
    
 You will be responsible for tasks as assigned by the Software Lead.
    
 Duties include:
    
 Working with senior engineers during requirements analysis – converting operational needs into technical requirements specifications.
 Contributing to design of high level software architectures.
 Develop software according to requirements and department processes.
 Supporting implementation teams throughout development, testing, and system acceptance phases.
 Supporting Integration & Test team during formal test phases.
 Supporting technical investigations of problems raised against the operational systems.
 Producing, collecting and reporting appropriate metrics showing progress.
 Using Metrics to guide decisions and for management reporting.
 If successful in this position, you will be exposed to several disciplines (Systems, Software Engineering, Integration & Test, and Infrastructure) during the placement, and will work on all stages of the Software Development Lifecycle.
   


Required skills, qualifications and experience


Working towards a degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Systems Engineering or other Engineering, Mathematics or Science degree.
 Good communication skills.
 Ability to work well in a team environment.
 Good IT skills in a range of SW packages.
 Ability to prioritise own tasking to meet program needs.




Job Reference Number

    12986BR
   


Employee Type

    Full Time 
   


Hours Per Week

    37.5
   


Working Schedule

    4xFlex
   


Country

    United Kingdom (UK) 
   


Clearance Required for Role

    BPSS, SC
   


Graduate, Intern or Apprentice Vacancy?

    Yes
   


What we offer you

    At Lockheed Martin our employees come first and therefore your physical, mental and financial wellbeing matters to us. On top of working in a highly supportive, friendly, respectful environment you can expect so much more.
     We are an employer in support of and offering 
    Flexible working with the option to also work a 
    4 day week depending on business requirements, where you have the option of Fridays off. We offer Competitive salaries alongside a flexible holiday entitlement.
     We have a Wealth of benefits available to you that can be selected through our wellbeing tool upon commencement of employment. Just a few of our amazing benefits are shown below:
    

 Private Medical Insurance
 Competitive Pension
 Dental
 Critical Illness
 Life Assurance
 Travel Insurance
 Employee discounts for top high street shops
 Employee Assistance Program which includes free face to face counseling sessions, Legal advice, Financial advice, etc
 Internal training and development alongside out Education assistance programmes
 Reimbursement for a professional membership
 Competitive policies that support flexibility and family leave inclusive of enhanced maternity leave




Business Environment

    Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS) provides systems engineering, software development, training solutions and complex program management for global security, civil and commercial markets. Simply stated, our mission is to be the world’s leading global security and aerospace company. To achieve this mission, RMS draws on its core capabilities in advanced platforms and weapons, C4ISR, global sustainment, training and sensors.
   


Equal Opportunity Statement

    Lockheed Martin recognises and actively promotes the benefits of a diverse workforce and is committed to treating all employees with dignity and respect regardless of race, gender, disability, age, sexual orientation, religion or belief. Discrimination on
   


Job Expires

    11/04/2024
   



