


Job Specification

The role
 As a Junior Full Stack Developer, you will help to design, develop, and maintain our web applications both on projects for our diverse range of customers and working with the product team on innovations, POCs and new applications. You will work with a variety of Google technologies, across Workspace and GCP, to create customer solutions. 

Responsibilities

Responsibilities
 Work alongside the development team and wider Engineering function to:

Deliver development projects for customers focussed on Google Cloud/Workspace technologies
Translate designs (and POCs) into high-quality, scalable code
Create reusable components and maintain them for use in future projects
Maintain existing web apps and projects, primarily in React JS, with updates, new functionality, and bug fixing
Assist in the creation of standard development templates to be used for all development POCs
Document projects thoroughly, consistent with Netpremacy standards, for maintainability, deployment and customer guides.


Requirements

Requirements:

Experience working on fast, scalable web applications
Experience working in Javascript (ES6)
Good knowledge of React JS framework (components, hooks etc.)
Experience with cloud-based back end services
Familiarity with source control and deployment (Github)
Familiarity with REST APIs
Experience working with databases
Knowledge of Microservice architecture
Experience with a Project Management tool, such as Asana or Jira.

Desirable experience:

Google Cloud Platform experience
Working with Google Workspace APIs
Backend development with Node JS
Material Design React theming and components
Automation or service implementation using Python, Golang
Implementing CI/CD pipelines and other DevOps principles
Firebase or other backend-as-a-service technologies
NoSQL databases, such as Firestore
Cloud security principles, including identity and access management (IAM), OAuth, service accounts and certificates
Software testing and automation.



Hours: Full-time.
 Closing date: Ongoing. How to apply: Please send your CV and cover letter to careers@netpremacy.com
 If you are interested in working for Netpremacy, but this is not the right role for you, head over to our careers page to see our current vacancies. We are always looking for like-minded individuals who are ready to take on a new challenge and join our expanding team.
