
An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) developer to join the MRC Epidemiology Unit. The MRC Epidemiology Unit is a department within the School of Clinical Medicine at the University of Cambridge and studies the genetic, developmental, and environmental factors causing obesity, diabetes and related metabolic disorders.
The primary focus of the role will be development and support of the existing LIMS platform and the creation of new tools and utilities to support the Unit as they emerge (e.g., digital tools and app-based data collection tools). The successful candidate will join a team of developers, work closely with of functional teams such as the Laboratory, Data Management, IT teams as well as PIs and researchers to provide efficient and reliable systems that support the day-day management of data in the LIMS studies and other projects while in compliance with local University policies and national regulations.
The LIMS Developer role is to act as a software engineer, responsible for development / configuration and maintenance of Unit's LIMS services, including:

in-house tools, like web applications, laboratory processes, instruments automation, workflow pipelines
 3rd party software tools (Labvantage) and their integration into the Unit's infrastructure.

The role will require the use of demonstrable general and web development programming expertise (experience with some of the programming languages like JavaScript / Python / PHP / Java is essential) and knowledge of relational databases (e.g., MSSQL / MySQL) to configure, develop and maintain different research applications alongside carrying out data processing tasks.
The role holder will work closely with people across the MRC Epidemiology Unit and wider Cambridge University community, including IT engineers, software developers, database administrators, project managers and research teams. Therefore, excellent interpersonal and communication skills are critical for the role. The role holder must have a helpful and positive aptitude and be able to communicate clearly on a wide range of technical issues with people of all capabilities. While contributing as a team member, the role candidate is expected to be proactive, work independently, deliver in timely manner, and ensure their own technical skills are kept up-to-date and relevant to support MRC Epidemiology Unit research activities.
The position is an excellent opportunity to be part of a Unit that is at the forefront of international research and generating evidence to inform public health action. You will be able to work with leading University specialists that carry out a broad range of software development, data and information technology functions and be part of a dynamic and collaborative working environment. For the successful applicants, a full training programme will be provided, and individual development plans are actively supported.
Please contact Louise Aigrain (louise.aigrain@mrc-epid.cam.ac.uk, Head of Research Operations) or Lukas Hroch (lukas.hroch@mrc-epid.cam.ac.uk, Senior Software Developer) for informal enquiries.
The closing date is Sunday, 28st May 2023 and interviews will likely be held in next 1-2 weeks.
Once an offer of employment has been accepted, the successful candidate will be required to undergo a basic disclosure (criminal records check) check. 
We welcome applications from individuals who wish to be considered for part-time working or other flexible working arrangements.
Click the 'Apply' button below to register an account with our recruitment system (if you have not already) and apply online.
Please ensure that you upload a covering letter and CV in the Upload section of the online application. The covering letter should outline how you match the criteria for the post and why you are applying for this role. If you upload any additional documents which have not been requested, we will not be able to consider these as part of your application. 
Please include details of your referees, including email address and phone number, one of which must be your most recent line manager.
Please quote reference SJ36478 on your application and in any correspondence about this vacancy.
The University actively supports equality, diversity and inclusion and encourages applications from all sections of society.
The University has a responsibility to ensure that all employees are eligible to live and work in the UK.
