

Seems there are very few opportunities that offer you the chance to work within a sector that is doing something good for others, one that tugs on the heartstrings as well as pays bills. 

Let's start by telling you a little more about my client and what they offer 

Established in 2014, they are a SaaS software provider that has created a piece of software used by the care industry, that allows the caregivers to log and track information on a system to keep track of the people they look after, ensuring they can offer the best possible care for those that most need it. 

The care industry as a whole has historically been paper-based, slightly archaic you may think but with traditional costs involved in buying software and employees in the sector not always used to using traditional software programs, it's not always been an option. Now with my client's offering being reasonably priced and the ability for employees to be able to use the system through a simple App on their phones this is a thing of the past. 

With a fantastic team of amazing already on board, they are looking to grow the team and have an amazing opportunity for a Frontend React Developer. 

Keen ?? read on and see if it could be right for you 
Key Responsibilities 

Be part of a team of highly skilled engineers to deliver polished features on a consistent basis in a high pace environment. We deploy code every two weeks to thousands of users. 
Be directly responsible for the development and deployment processes – make sure that the features are shipped optimally, and the product stays healthy once they hit production. 
Design, review, write and test code – this is a hands-on engineering role, and you will be directly involved in the design and development of new features, writing, reviewing, and testing code. 
Insist on the highest standards and create functional and engaging features that will delight our users. 
Provide mentorship and feedback to teammates to make your team the best version of itself. Motivate and encourage everyone to give their best work. 
Report to the Server Team Lead 
Be a self-starter, analytical and creative 
Be a strong team player with a positive attitude 
Be a strong advocate of software craftsmanship, write clean, testable, and easy-to-maintain code 

Experience : 

3+ years of web development experience 
Good communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a remote team environment 
Attention to detail – any code that makes it into the product directly impacts the lives of people being cared for 
Strong web development with React.js, TypeScript, HTML and CSS, SASS, bootstrap, webpack, npm 
Good understanding of AngularJS, bower, gulp for maintaining the existing codebase 
Solid familiarity with single-page apps and building UI components 
Good understanding of WCAG accessibility standards and UX/UI 
Strong experience writing clean, testable, high-quality code and designing highly scalable systems in production 
Good understanding of HTTP and integrating APIs 
Good experience with writing unit tests, preferably TDD and BDD 
Familiarity with git and/or git-flow, Bitbucket, JIRA, Confluence, Jenkins 

You may have: 

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience 
Good understanding of micro frontend and Redux 
Experience within the Care Industry or Health Sector 
Good knowledge of Agile methodologies such as Scrum or Kanban 
Good knowledge of cross-platform technologies such as React Native and Flutter 
Good knowledge of test automation using TestCafe, CypressJS or similar 
SaaS experience in a B2B setting.



