This is an opportunity to join our Test and Automation Team.
Your job will consist of developing frameworks, using tools and applying manual techniques to test our software.
We take quality very seriously. You will make a big contribution to our product by:
Testing new features to check that they work, fit requirements and are user friendly
Building and using test frameworks and tools
Expanding our existing automated test coverage and improving existing regression tests
Investigating the limits of the products in terms of scalability, endurance and interoperability
Proactively finding problems before our customers do
Getting to the bottom of complex issues
Directly contributing to the company’s success within your first few weeks
About you
You’re not expected to have all of the following skills, but any you do have will be useful for this role.
We are looking for someone who has:
The desire to learn new things and new technologies
Curiosity to take things apart in order to understand how they work
Strong troubleshooting, attention to detail and communication skills
Outstanding technical ability or achieved excellent academic results from a recognised university
It’s also a bonus if you have experience of:
Programming and scripting
Networking and API testing
Scale and performance testing, e.g. profiling or benchmarking
Development of test strategies and creation of test cases
Cloud platforms, containerisation and virtualisation
Service-Oriented Architectures
Cybersecurity
Security testing.
However, all experience levels will be considered.
We use a wide variety of different languages and frameworks in the Test and Automation Team, with a focus on Go and Python. It’s not expected that you would be familiar with any of the languages we use, but you should be enthusiastic and willing to learn new things.
We are looking for a team player who can think out of the box, enjoys solving complex problems and thrives working things out themselves, while not afraid to ask for help and learn from their teammates if they’re stuck.
Does this sound like you? We’d love you to apply, even if you don’t meet 100% of the requirements and qualifications.
Mayflower is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £35,000.00-£45,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme

Education:

Bachelor's (preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Reference ID: SD890TA