

Sector: Product Development 
Expiry Date: 19 May 2023 
Job Ref: J8632 



Graduate Software Engineer


 Join the Access Family and see how we make software ideas become a reality!


 Our core value of ‘Love Work, Love Life, Be You’ has been central to our success and so we’re looking for people to join us who share our passion for making things better every day and help us continue to grow.


 We are the number one UK headquartered software provider in the UK and are forecasted to grow to a global population of over 12,000 employees by 2026.


 What are we all about?


 At Access, we love software and how technology never stays the same. It's this obsession that drives us to work closely across sectors to understand the business needs of our customers - from the Hospitality sector, to Manufacturing industry, to Not for Profit’s to Construction, and many more.


 We're passionate about helping our customers stay one step ahead of the challenges facing their industry and business, currently helping over 60,000 customers to have the freedom to do more.


 The Graduate Academy


 Our structured 6-month Graduate Academy will steer you on a learning path from Day 1. Using a culmination of learning paths including face to face workshops, online courses, and practical training with involvement in challenging and exciting group projects, you will gain the necessary skills to develop into an all-rounded Junior Engineer.



 In the first two months of the Academy, you will partake in hands-on technical workshops covering our ways of working and our different technology stacks such as REACT, UX/UI, API design, .Net, SQL, Security, and Quality. In months 3-4, you will be work on an internal project, putting what you have learnt into practise. The final 2 months will be an exciting challenge of working on a live customer facing project, within a product engineering team to understand the fast-paced nature of working on a live project.


 You’ll receive continuous support and guidance during the Graduate Academy and beyond, learning from industry experts who will share their experiences and expertise and expose you to every aspect of the software development lifecycle. You’ll be given development opportunities, including networking events where you will meet senior developers, managers and Directors.


 We’re looking for Graduate Software Engineers to join us this August!


 As a well-rounded Graduate Software Engineer, we want someone who has:



 A passion for software and technology






 The ability to quickly learn and easily pick up new technical concepts
 A high standard of written and spoken English
 An open and collaborative working style
 A creative and innovative problem solver
 Can manage time efficiently and effectively






 Commercially pragmatic and driven to continuous learning/improvement
 Can commit to delivering and maintaining high standards



 After completion of the Graduate Academy – as a Junior Engineer Day-to-day, you will:



 Take responsibility for providing estimates and delivering on these. Feedback on progress, risk and opportunities.
 Design and develop software solutions to agreed and elaborated requirements using a range of languages and technologies including C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET, JavaScript, Angular, React, StencilJS, TypeScript and SQL Server.






 Implementing automated unit and UI tests where appropriate
 Code reviewing other developers work, providing constructive feedback, receive feedback on own code and making the required changes to ensure adherence to best practice & coding standards.
 Use a variety of delivery and CI technologies.
 Liaise with (and sometimes assist) other departments and functions including QA, sales and support in a professional manner with a focus on delivering the best customer experience.



 What does Access offer you?




 We are a growing software company, and we deliver on what we say we do! We take the development of our people very seriously and we will work with you to carve out your success plan and an opportunity to accelerate your career and make a real difference.


 On top of a competitive salary, our standard 25 days holiday (which goes up the longer you’re with us), and a matched pension scheme you’ll also be able to choose from a range of benefits to suit you. We pride ourselves on being an organisation that gives back so you’ll also have a charity day you can take to support something that matters to you.


 It’s just 3 steps to join us:



 Apply online and we will send you a link to complete a 10 minute online assessment




 We will follow up if you’re successful and see if you have any questions or want to find out more about us






 You will attend an Assessment Centre at our Loughborough office.



 That’s it! If you are successful at the Assessment Centre, you will receive an offer to start in August.


 If you have any disabilities or impairments which may prevent you from completing any of the application stages as described above please contact our Recruitment Team directly at Benjamin.Turner@theaccessgroup.com.


 At Access we’re all about helping everyone Love Work and Love Life. Why? Because we believe people can only be their best when they can be themselves. So, if you are excited about this role, but your past experience doesn’t match perfectly, we’d still love to hear from you. You might just be whom we are looking for.


 We love the fact that we’re all different. We believe by having more diverse perspectives at work improves how we run our business, helps us to better support our customers, and when you think about it, it’s just more fun!



 What’s holding you back? Come and be part of our Amazing Access Family!


 Love Work. Love Life. Be You.


