



Do you want to kick-start your career in software engineering by joining a company that’s a world-leader in its field? Are you keen to create new and exciting software and to work in a team of friendly, highly skilled engineers? Would you like a rewarding job in which you will continually learn and develop? Then this role could be for you.

Take your place in an open and friendly working environment and grow in the company of like-minded engineers who are as passionate about their work as you are.

XJTAG is based in Cambridge and is a member of the Cambridge Technology Group.
 Main Responsibilities



Working primarily in C#, you will develop new and creative software for our boundary scan tools.
 
Work in an agile team across all aspects of the software development process from initial design to testing and customer support.



Requirements



A good degree in a STEM subject
 
Some demonstrable programming experience
 
An ability to learn and pick up new skills quickly
 
Able to monitor own workload
 
Flexible approach to work
 
Able to work both independently and in a team
 
Good problem-solving skills
 
Good interpersonal skills
 
Knowledge of digital electronics is an advantage but not essential
 
Appropriate level of comprehension of written English


If this sounds like you and you’re ready to immerse yourself in an exciting software development role, email your CV to recruitment@xjtag.com. We have trained graduates who have a first or upper-second class degree in technical subjects, engineering, maths, chemistry etc, so don’t be put off if you’re degree isn’t in software engineering. We want to recruit engineers who enjoy a technical challenge, who care about what they do and the contribution they make, who are interested in helping colleagues and clients, and who want a job that offers variety while working in a fun environment. If that’s what you’re looking for, please send us your CV.
 What We Offer



Competitive salary
 
Pension scheme
 
Life assurance
 
Flexible working hours
 
A role with plenty of variety
 
Opportunity to be client facing
 
Development of your technical skills
 
An open and friendly work environment




