


Summary


    We are looking for a number of Software Developers to support space industry ground segment system project work.
  

   Telespazio UK is part of a company containing over 2500 people working in the growing field of Space Systems and operations and Geo-Information. Telespazio is majority owned by Leonardo, one of the UK’s largest defence, aerospace and security companies. Telespazio is looking to fill a diverse and critical role to support our broad Space systems architecture work covering missions across UK and European, in civil and defence.
  



 Responsibilities


   Software Developer
  

Design and Development of software solutions for ground applications in the space domain, potentially including; 
    
Web applications for data visualisation and exploitation
Monitoring and Control Segment Systems
Mission Systems
User Segment Systems
Earth Observation Data Management Systems

Plan and execute Integration and Test campaigns
Production of documents (technical and also development plans)
Preparation and participation in technical reviews





Qualifications & Experience


University Bachelor’s Degree in Software Engineering or related discipline with software modules.
3-10 years commercial experience of software development, preferably in the space industry but not essential





Essential Skills


Requirements analysis
Software system development using modern architectures
Configuration management (Git source code control)
Agile software development methodology
Linux and/or Windows development
Resource Oriented Architecture Development (REST)
Continuous integration/deployment environments (e.g. Jenkins, Buildkite)
Virtualisation / cloud based computing(e.g. AWS, Azure)
Containers and Orchestration (e.g. Docker/Kubernetes/ArgoCD)
DevOps





Desirable Skills


Knowledge of Ground Segment Systems
Machine learning and AI
Knowledge of OGC Standards (e.g. WPS, WMS, WFS, WCS)
Knowledge of Linked Data (e.g. RDF, SPARQL)
User Identification, Authentication and Authorisation (e.g. SAML, OAUTH, OIDC)
Big Data Processing & Frameworks (e.g. Hadoop)
Big Data Databases (e.g. HDFS, other non-SQL)
Scripting (e.g. shell, perl, python)





Qualities


Self-starter
Strong written and oral communication
Team player, open and keen to contribute
Conscientious, hard working
Attention to detail

Benefits



   Competitive Package covering salary, generous holiday allowance, training plan and more
  

Security



   In line with Asylum & Immigration Legislation, all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the EU, or UK (as applicable). Documented evidence of eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process. Furthermore, in view of the nature of the work the company is in, all potential employees will undergo stringent reference and identity checks.
  

