
 : 
  At UL, we know why we come to work.: 
 
   Thousands of us around the world wake up every day with a common purpose: to make the world a safer, more secure and sustainable place. Science is in our DNA; we are endlessly curious and passionate about seeking and speaking the truth. We take delight in knowing that our work makes a meaningful contribution to society, and we are proud that our culture is centred on integrity, collaboration, inclusion and excellence. UL stands at the forefront of technological advancement, and we are continually challenged to find new ways to foster innovation and positive change. Satisfying? Yes. Exciting? Absolutely!
 


 As our global footprint continues to grow, we are hiring a 
  Software Engineer for our Edinburgh based team who develops tooling for the Telecoms industry.
 


 In this role, you will have the opportunity to work on new and emerging Telecoms technologies such as 5G, eSIM and IoT while participating with industry bodies (e.g. GSMA and GlobalPlatform) to deliver software solutions to our global customers.
 

 What you’ll learn & achieve:: 
 
Working on bleeding edge developments and legacy products based on telecoms and identity technologies. For example, Smartcards (SIM), Applications, Server platforms, Handsets and Hardware.
Working with global industry leaders on defining the latest specifications and standards. For example, 5G, Mobile Driving License and Embedded SIM cards.
Day to day Java programming, mainly core desktop Java but also occasionally touching on other technologies such as web-based programming.
Product ownership of one or more core applications. This includes initial architecture, design to final delivery of new applications, or maintenance of existing applications.
Input and contribution to product strategy and roadmaps
Peer to peer code reviews with your new colleagues
 What makes you a great fit:: 
 
 Essential Skills:


Java expertise
Excellent working practices regarding processes and source control
A focus on maintainability and robustness when designing solutions
Adapt to different technologies used on projects and continuous improvement work
Ability to communicate well with business stakeholders and end users in collaboration with Product Managers to establish requirements
Able to build positive working relationships throughout the department and the company
Excellent time management and multitasking skills
Attention to detail along with the ability to explain or document ideas
Can work independently given business requirements
Can work well within a team environment to collaborate, coach and learn from others



 Desirable Skills:


   Android development experience
   Cryptography experience
   Telecoms industry experience or knowledge
 

   Competencies:
 

   Accuracy
   Team Working
   Client Focus
   Communication
   Technical Competence
 


 Competencies:


   Accuracy
   Team Working
   Client Focus
   Communication
   Technical Competence
  What you’ll experience working at UL:: 
 
Mission: At UL, we know why we come to work. Shape the way we approach and deliver our solutions to have a meaningful contribution to society.
People: Be part of our global team and do your best work! Teamwork, open-feedback and our diversity are our drivers to reach our common mission.
Interesting work: The work that goes on inside UL is fuelling the future. It challenges you to try fresh approaches, work autonomously, drive change and gain in-depth experience in your field.
Grow & achieve: Growth and development are part of our DNA. Grow & achieve with targeted development, reward and recognition programs as well as your very own UL University.
This is our normal : Competitive remuneration, annual bonus, flexible hours, home office options, paid annual leave
 Learn More:: 
 
   Learn more: Working at UL Solutions is an exciting journey that twists and turns daily. We thrive in the twists and revel in the turns. This is our every day. This is our normal.
 


 UL is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we welcome applications from all sections of the community. Our Talent Acquisition team can provide further information and support reasonable adjustments that a person may require during the interview process. You can read more about our commitment to supporting a diverse and inclusive environment here: https://www.ul.com/about/diversity or contact our Talent Acquisition team
 
