Main responsibilities:

At least 2 to 3 years Software Testing experience.
Understand and interpret business, functional and technical requirements
Have input into how solutions are developed and delivered using knowledge and expertise to help deliver the best possible outcome for the customer.
Meticulous attention to detail and confidence with writing and creating test cases.
Full understanding of the testing lifecycle & methodologies.
Carry out testing across a wide range of processes and systems - including UI, API, back office (workflow) processes, 3rd party systems and integrations between all of these systems including end to end testing.
Confident with API Testing using Postman.
Execute test scripts and record results using software testing tools (JIRA/XRAY).
Raising bugs in a timely manner with sufficient detail to be fixed/reproduced.
Carry out exploratory testing within an Agile development environment.
Excellent communication skills and ability to communicate effectively with developers.

IT IS NICE TO HAVE…

ISTQB Foundation Qualification or a degree in a related field.
Automation Testing experience/ knowledge is very beneficial.
Take an automation-first approach to test execution where possible.
Knowledge of Cypress, Gherkin, Page Object Model, PactumJS, TypeScript
Technical understanding of processes under test and relevant related processes and the ability to test components.
Experience in CI / CD using tools such as Jenkins, Git, AWS CodePipeline.
Experience in create and design automated test scripts using the BDD methodology.

A FEW GREAT COMPANY BENEFITS…

Annual bonus.
33 days holiday including bank holidays.
A day off for your Birthday.
Regular social events and a great company culture.
Onsite restaurant and Free parking.

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: From £24,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Flexitime
Sick pay
UK visa sponsorship
Work from home

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Performance bonus
Yearly bonus

Work Location: Remote
Reference ID: I-Link-IndeedQA-001Expected start date: 15/05/2023Flexitime