


  Java full stack Developer.
   Location: - UK Oxford (Langford Lane), Hybrid work mode.
 


   Would you like to be part of a team that delivers high-quality software to our customers?
   Would you like to be part of an entrepreneurial Agile squad creating innovation?
 

 About our Team
 

   Our Technology teams use cutting-edge technologies to build products and systems to advance science and health. We provide our customers with powerful digital solutions, helping them to research the biggest problems facing the world today. We work to build a culture that values Development and Engineering: speed, agility, cost savings and higher quality.
 

 About the Role
   As a Java full stack developer in designing, implementing, and deploying as part of a seasoned production team.
   For systems analysis, solution design, front and back-end development and continuous deployment within an AWS cloud environment.
 

 Responsibilities
 

 Writing and reviewing portions of detailed specifications for the development of system components of moderate complexity ensuring continues improvement.
 Collaborating with development teams to understand product requirements and translate them into innovative software designs.
 Implementing development processes, coding best practices, and code reviews, keeping up to date with new technology
 Operating in an Agile environment to resolve technical issues and complete bug fixes
 Collaborating with teams and stakeholders to seek feedback on priorities to help shape innovative solutions for complicated software challenges.


 Requirements
 

 Demonstrate good experience as a Software Engineer and knowledge of software development methodologies (e.g., Agile, Waterfall
 Have proficiency in development languages such as frameworks in Java/J2EE, Spring / Restful web services, SQL. And experience in (JavaScript/Angular/Reacts)
 Be familiar with industry best practices including code coverage with Junit test
 Experience with engineering best practices such as TDD, Pair Programming, Continuous Integration, automated testing, and deployment
 Experience in AWS development and deployment experience, including specific knowledge of Kubernetes
 Have great verbal and written communication skills and enjoy collaborating with teams to solve problems
 Have the ability to write and review detailed specifications for the development of complex system components
 Have experience of test-driven development and the ability to complete complex bug fixes


 Work in a way that works for you
 

 We promote a healthy work/life balance across the organization. With an average length of service of 9 years, we are confident that we offer an appealing working prospect for our people. With numerous wellbeing initiatives, family leave and tuition reimbursement, we will help you meet your immediate responsibilities and long-term goals.
 

 Working remotely from home or in our office in a flexible hybrid pattern
 Working flexible hours - flexing the times you work in the day


 Working with us
 

 We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to help you succeed. Here, you will find an inclusive, agile, collaborative, innovative and fun environment, where everyone has a part to play. Regardless of the team you join, we promote a diverse environment with co-workers who are passionate about what they do, and how they do it.
 

 At Elsevier, we know that your wellbeing and happiness are key to a long and successful career. These are some of the benefits we are delighted to offer:
 

 Generous holiday allowance with the option to buy additional days
 Health screening, eye care vouchers and private medical benefits
 Wellbeing programs
 Life assurance
 Access to a competitive contributory pension scheme
 Long service awards
 Save As You Earn share option scheme
 Travel Season ticket loan
 Maternity, paternity, and shared parental leave
 Access to emergency care for both the elderly and children
 RECARES days, giving you time to support the charities and causes that matter to you
 Access to employee resource groups with dedicated time to volunteer
 Access to extensive learning and development resources
 Access to employee discounts via Perks at Work


 Working for you
 

 About Us
 

 A global leader in information and analytics, we help researchers and healthcare professionals advance science and improve health outcomes for the benefit of society. Building on our publishing heritage, we combine quality information and vast data sets with analytics to support visionary science and research, health education and interactive learning, as well as exceptional healthcare and clinical practice. At Elsevier, your work contributes to the world’s grand challenges and a more sustainable future. We harness innovative technologies to support science and healthcare to partner for a better world.
 

 Join Us
 

 PURPOSEFUL WORK
   When you work with us, your work matters. You are part of an organization that nurtures your curiosity to stimulate innovation for the communities that we serve.
   GROWING EVERY DAY
   Like the communities we serve, you are on a constant path of discovery to shape your career and personal development.
   COLLEAGUES WHO CARE
   You will be part of the Elsevier family. We will support your well-being and provide the flexibility you need to thrive at work and home.
  
 Together, we create possibilities.
   Join us
 


 -
 


 Elsevier is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are committed to providing a fair and accessible hiring process. If you have a disability or other need that requires accommodation or adjustment, please let us know by completing our Applicant Request Support Form: 
  
   https://forms.office.com/r/eVgFxjLmAK
   .
 


   Please read our 
  
   Candidate Privacy Policy
  .
 
