


Java Software Enigneer


 Location: (Blended home working) Salary: Competitive + Vodafone Benefits Hours: Full time (37.5 hours per week – Mon to Fri)


 Blended
 Vodafone UK’s blended working approach means you’ll come to your contracted hub location office as and when needed to get things done for your role and for tasks that require it, otherwise you will be able to work from home. Our ‘Office in a Box’ home-working kit will be available for all who need it during your onboarding journey.
    We innovate, invent and continuously improve, Vodafone UK Digital works within the heart of our business. Empowering Vodafone’s mission of being a digital-first company is in everything we do.

 What will you be doing?


 You will have hands on development of micro-services as part of a development squad using Scrum/Kanban.
 You will drive the quality and performance of owned micro-services, through the use of standards and best practices
 You will establish a culture of continuous improvement through learning, training and coaching
 You will ensure quality is at the heart of everything you and your team does





 Who are we looking for?




 You will have experience in designing and developing RESTful APIs within a micro-services architecture
 You will have extensive commercial experience of Java (JEE) and Java Servlets
 You will have practical knowledge of working in Scrum or other agile practices
 You will have a passion for finding solutions to problems that haven’t been solved before


 What’s in it for you?

 An excellent remuneration and bonus package with 28 days holiday entitlement, in addition to bank holidays and paid leave for charity projects. We offer an extensive and flexible benefits package that can be tailored to suit you and your family. We’re proud to provide a Reconnect programme with flexibility for individuals returning to work after a career break. From our market-leading parental leave policies through to employee discounts, retail vouchers, pension plan and share schemes we are committed to supporting you throughout your career with Vodafone.

 Together we can
 Vodafone UK are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and all offers of employment for this role are subject to background checks, including criminal (DBS) and financial checks to meet the regulators standards.

 If you require any reasonable adjustments or have an accessibility request as part of your recruitment journey, for example, extended time or breaks in between online assessments, a sign language interpreter, or assistive technology, please refer to the Accessibility section of our Careers website (careers.vodafone.co.uk) under Career Support, for guidance.


