
 Lead Software Engineering Analyst | S3 | Software Engineering | Milton Keynes 
 Country: United Kingdom 
 
WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING 

This role is offered on a hybrid basis, which can be discussed with the recruitment team during the hiring process.  
Join our community. 

The Digital Services team is responsible for customer interactions for the Bank. Whether it’s for the online digital channels such as Mobile and Online Bank or the Fraud prevention systems that underpin the Customer interaction, the Digital Services are responsible for delivering the best and protected customer experiences. 

We work in close, multi-disciplined teams. We support teams to work in an agile framework to deliver value to our partners. We continuously seek to improve our lean processes and are always looking for a better way to do things. 

We are a motivated team where good team working is vital, so we seek individuals who are truly passionate about their work and possess the enthusiasm and aim to make things happen. 

The difference you’ll make. 

Participating in the evolution of the Digital platform that will change the bank and how our customers interact with us. 
Driving the design, implementation, testing, deployment and post-release support in an agile development environment. 
Executing on engineering and release priorities successfully through strong leadership and communication 


What you’ll bring. 

Extensive Knowledge of legacy ( BKS and Mainframe ) technologies used within Santander . The Team is currently moving to OmniChannel 
Previous experiencing leading large analyst teams or multiple squads 
Broad experience of agile software development practices (Unit testing, Test driven development) 
Extensive experience working with stakeholders 


It would also be nice for you to have. 

You can direct the team's focus to what matters most 
You can help your team shine while building responsibilities and growing in their roles 
Experience building applications in cloud environments 
Able to define technical architecture solutions 


What else you need to know. 

This is a Permanent role based in Milton Keynes, which is currently Hybrid working with two days in the office. 

Everyday Inclusion 
At Santander we’re creating a thriving workplace where all colleagues feel they belong and are supported to succeed. We all help to make Santander a workplace that celebrates diversity and attracts, retains and develops the most talented and committed people through living our values of Simple, Personal, and Fair. 

How we’ll reward you. 
Opportunities to embrace Agile with us as we transform our business, work in an environment with leading edge technology, attend ‘Meet Ups’ and be part of internal and external technology communities and work for an organisation that’s dedicated to your learning and ongoing development. 

As well as a salary, we offer a wide range of benefits that you can choose from and tailor to your needs. 

Competitive salary 
Eligible for a discretionary performance-related annual bonus 
We put 8% of salary into your pension, even if you don’t contribute yourself. We’ll pay in up to 12.5% of salary, if you contribute as well, and you can take some of our contribution in cash if you prefer 
30 days’ holiday plus bank holidays, which increases to 31 days after 5yrs service, with the option to purchase up to 5 contractual days per year 
£6,000 car allowance per year 
Company funded individual private medical insurance 
Voluntary healthcare benefits at discounted rates such as private medical insurance for your family, dental insurance, healthcare cash plan and health assessments 
Benefits supporting you and your family, such as death-in-service benefit, income protection, and voluntary life assurance and critical illness cover 
Share in Santander’s success by investing in our share plans 


What to do next. 
If this sounds like a role you’re interested in, then please apply. 

If there’s anything we can do in the recruitment process to help you achieve your best, get in touch. Whether it’s a copy of our application form in another format or additional assistance, we’re available through telephone, email, or face to face. You can contact us at resourcing@santander.co.uk or call 0870 414 9080.
