









Location: Flexibly remote from one of our UK hubs (Bristol, Edinburgh, Harrogate, London, Manchester or Oxford)
Practice Area: Digital
Contract: Full-time
Remuneration Range: Competitive


















Key Responsibilities:

Meeting with system users to understand the scope of projects
Working with software testers and project support teams
Monitoring applications and software systems
Stress testing and performance testing
Reviewing technical documentation
Quality assurance
Providing steps for a tester or end user to test the output of your developments
Presenting possible solutions to project and business user teams





About us:
 Anthesis is the sustainability activator!
 Proud to be a B Corp, we seek to make a significant contribution to a world which is more resilient and productive. We do this by working with cities, corporates, investors and other organisations to drive sustainable performance. We develop financially driven sustainability strategies, underpinned by technical expertise and delivered by innovative collaborative teams across the world. The company combines the reach of big professional services groups with the deep expertise of boutiques.
 Anthesis has clients across industry sectors from corporate multinationals such as Reckitt Benckiser, Cisco, Tesco, The North Face and Target, and also supports early-stage companies through Anthesis Ventures. The company brings together 1100+ experts operating in 42 countries around the world and has offices in Andorra, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, the Middle East, the Philippines, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, the UK, and the US.
 At Anthesis we value both the wellbeing and the professional development of our people by doing our best to make Anthesis a great place to work. Our identity, values, and the quality of our work are vested in our people and we want you to thrive, develop and succeed here.
 As an equal opportunity’s employer, we value diversity in our workforce and make our decisions based on skills and experience – the only thing that differentiates you is your talent and the value you bring. We understand that diverse ideas breed extraordinary results by inspiring our thinking, challenging our solutions and enhancing our culture. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability.
 Summary of Role:
 You will be a key part of the Software Team. You will work collaboratively with the team, as well as client managers and creative teams, to deliver web builds whilst offering superb client management and ongoing support.
 This is an exciting opportunity to ensure that Anthesis continues to grow our digital services through successful projects with exciting clients.
 Key Requirements:

Minimum 2+ years of experience of developing Python AND Django applications in a commercial environment
Knowledge of front-end technologies, including JavaScript, CSS, AJAX
Understanding of relational databases, especially MySQL and/or PostgreSQL
Basic knowledge of Linux systems and commands
DevOps experience useful, but not essential
Excellent mathematical and analytical skills
Good communication and documentation skills
Experience using Microsoft Office, Skype, Jira, Git.
Passion for sustainability – desirable

Our ideal candidate will be someone who really wants to flourish in a technical analytics environment at the leading edge of sustainability.
 Your benefits:

Work within a highly motivated team in an innovative and rapidly growing global company
Opportunity to have a direct impact and be a key part of the growth and development of the business and the team
Work solely on projects that have an impact on the sustainability and climate change goals/challenges for clients
Opportunity to work with, collaborate with and learn from sustainability SME’s who are passionate about the work they do and the impact Anthesis can have
Exposure to a wide range of clients and projects on a global basis
Competitive salary in line with education, experience and skills
Competitive benefits including flexible working, 25 days holiday and two volunteering days off and the day off for your Birthday!
Cooperative, supportive and open working atmosphere.








