

Job Posting Title
 Java Developer
 
 Summary
 We’re looking for a talented Java developer to join our Slots and Casino (S&C) team. The S&C team creates, releases, and maintains a large portfolio of games as well as a suite of supporting services and libraries. The games and support infrastructure are all predominantly written in Java.
 
 What You'll Do


 Design and implement new slots and casino games to add to Roxor’s growing portfolio
 Help to keep our existing games up to date with the latest internal libraries and ensure appropriate continuous integration practices are being maintained.
 Actively participate in design and code reviews.
 Help to support 3rd parties developing games on our platform


 What We're Looking For


 Experience developing Java 11+ applications
 Previous experience using the Spring framework
 Excellent communication skills
 Good understanding of software development principles such as TDD and knowledge of common design patterns
 Experience using various testing frameworks and mocking libraries.
 Comfortable working with Git, Maven, Docker, bash scriptinig and unix
 Genuine interest in learning new frameworks and not afraid to ask plenty of questions!


 Why Aristocrat?

 Aristocrat is a world leader in gaming content and technology, and a top-tier publisher of free-to-play mobile games. We deliver great performance for our B2B customers and bring joy to the lives of the millions of people who love to play our casino and mobile games. And while we focus on fun, we never forget our responsibilities. We strive to lead the way in responsible gameplay, and to lift the bar in company governance, employee wellbeing and sustainability. We’re a diverse business united by shared values and an inspiring mission to bring joy to life through the power of play.

 We aim to create an environment where individual differences are valued, and all employees have the opportunity to realize their potential. We welcome and encourage applications from all people regardless of age, gender, race, ethnicity, cultural background, disability status or LGBTQ+ identity. We offer a range of flexible working options through all.flex, our flexible hybrid work model and invite you to have a conversation with us about flexible working. EEO M/F/D/V

 World Leader in Gaming Entertainment
 Robust benefits package
 Global career opportunities


 Our Values

 All about the Player
 Talent Unleashed
 Collective Brilliance
 Good Business Good Citizen


 The US based roles may require registration with the Nevada Gaming Control Board (NGCB) and/or other gaming jurisdictions in which we operate.

