
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. has expanded its consumer business and we have launched a new digital retail bank in the UK. We are offering consumers a completely new banking experience. Under the Chase brand, the bank provides products and features tailored to meet the needs of customers in the UK, made available via an innovative mobile app. 
 
 Our team is at the heart of building this new venture, focused on developing offerings that put the customer at the center. We have created a new organization and we are looking for solution-oriented, commercially minded, customer-focused engineers, used to working in a true agile environment who want to be a part of something new, built from the ground up as a green-field with zero legacy initiative within a global, diverse and inclusive team. 
 
 Culture is as important to us and we are looking for intellectually curious, new technology passionate individuals who would like to expand their skills whilst working on a new exciting venture for the firm. Your work will have a direct impact to our customers as our business expands around the world. 
 

Software Test Engineer (Mobile) - Chase UK

 We are looking for a Software Test Engineer that can help to define and implement good test and quality engineering practice across the team. 
 

Role summary: 

 As a Software Test Engineer you will be responsible for: 
 

Develop and execute test strategies and test plans 
Automate tasks and build test coverage through existing or new infrastructure 
Work with teams in multiple locations in different time zones 
Triage, analyse , and debug issues and drive issue resolutions with team 
Ensuring the effectiveness of test coverage working with team members and learning from esacpe defect analysis 
Championing and implementing quality and test engineering capabilities and improvements across all aspects of the testing pymaid within and across the teams 
Work with team leads to create the release process and integration with mobile apps 
Integrating automated tests with CI/CD pipelines 
Developing or contributing to new testability frameworks and test infrastructure 
Reviewing code PRs from the wider QA team. 
Be part of a squad to work on the sprint deliverables and preparing for next sprint activities 


Mininum qualifications: 


Bachelor's degree in Electrical/Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent practical experience. 
Experience developing automation scripts and validation tools for mobile applications 


Preferred Skills/Qualifications: 


Experience with test automation 
Experience programming in Java and Javascript 
Experience in building testing frameworks, tools, and automation 
Experience with (incl. setting up and troubleshooting) mobile applications build and deployment pipelines 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Knowledge and experience working in an Agile environment. 
Mobile test automation using tools such as BDD, Appium, and Detox 
Previous experience in application development is desired 
Strong time management, interpersonal and people skills 
Familiarity with the Atlassian toolset 
Exposure to web technologies (e.g. HTTP, XML, REST, HTML, JS REACT, etc.) 
Experience with mobile application related non-functional testing e.g. accessibility 

 #ICBCareer #ChaseUK #ICBEngineering
  J.P. Morgan is a global leader in financial services, providing strategic advice and products to the world's most prominent corporations, governments, wealthy individuals and institutional investors. Our first-class business in a first-class way approach to serving clients drives everything we do. We strive to build trusted, long-term partnerships to help our clients achieve their business objectives.
 We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
