

  CMC Markets are looking for a Quantitative developer to join our Derivatives’ team. Within the role, you will work directly with senior Quantitative Developers as well as our Trading function within the Derivatives pillar. You will be involved in facilitating the integration of our partner’s solutions within our infrastructure as well as support the desk with the development of internal and proprietary services. This is an excellent opportunity to be sitting in the core of the business and develop a deep understanding of the Market Making financial industry.
 


   Role and Responsibilities:
 

 Develop and maintain pricing models for brand new and increasingly complex products.
 Analysis, specification, implementation, maintenance and development of tests.
 Understand current models and produce innovative improvements.
 Facilitate the integration of third party solutions with our existing infrastructure.
 Help design and develop pricing and risk components to support the firm's market-making business, working across multiple asset classes ranging across Options, Equities, FX, Commodities and other derivatives;
 Partner with other key groups: financial engineering and quantitative teams, business operations, product development and the other IT teams; to ensure products are implemented efficiently and meet the demands both internally (dealing) and externally (clients) and addressing any issues that arise;
 Work with the Front Office users and Business Operations to address any issues;
 Maintain personal/professional development to meet the changing demands of the role, including all relevant regulatory and legislative training;
 Understand the nature of the trading floor business and the need to respond quickly and efficiently to issues that can or has caused business outage;
 Creation of maintenance and reporting tools relevant to the product area as appropriate;
 Ensure a positive approach to challenge and provide open and honest feedback;
 Occasional requirement to work during the weekend for a product release or maintenance;
 When dealing with all customers, clients or colleagues ensure that we provide a clear, fair and consistent high quality service that presents a professional and positive image of CMC Markets;
 Take all reasonable steps to ensure appropriate confidentiality;
 Undertake such other duties, training and/or hours of work as may be reasonably required and which are consistent with the general level of responsibility of this role.



   KEY SKILLS & EXPERIENCE
 

   Competencies:
 

 A degree in quantitative finance, mathematics, computer science or equivalent disciplines.
 Strong analytical and quantitative skills.
 Good understanding of general financial products and derivatives.
 Experience of coding in Object Oriented development languages.
 Strong communication skills, both written and spoken .
 Strong solution design skills
 The ability to operate with urgency and prioritise work accordingly.
 Strong requirements analysis skills
 Strong Team Player
 Takes personal responsibility to deliver results



   CMC Markets is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of gender, sexual orientation, marital or civil partner status, gender reassignment, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, disability or age.
 
