
Job Description Summary For more than 40 years GE Power Conversion has designed and built control and automation solutions across a broad number of segments, notably; Marine (Navy, Offshore, Merchant), Industrial process control (Mining, metals etc..) and Oil & gas. 
  These solutions range from complex Marine vessel control systems to power management systems with 100’s of intelligent devices and sensors connected.
  To create the above bespoke systems, we have developed a range of innovative products & networks that utilise the complete spectrum of computing technologies from high speed embedded software to Microsoft Windows based operator interfaces & analytical data processing in the Cloud. These different software products are developed using the latest commercial software development frameworks, within a development process based on the use of Agile & international software quality standards.
 
 Job Description
 Our Graduate Engineering Training Programme is the primary path for university graduates into GE Power Conversion and will provide you with the opportunity to build skills in critical areas of the company and to apply your capabilities to projects with real impact.
 During this programme you will be trusted to work on important live projects, create valued work and be fully involved in our operations.
 This GETP is 18 months long and has been built to:

 Provide stimulating challenges and experiences giving you a chance to put your newly acquired skills into practice: You will go through 4 rotations in different areas of Engineering, Field Service and Project Management.


 Provide an opportunity to learn and grow: Mentorship to pursue a professional accreditation, e-learning, virtual lectures and specialist training are part of the programme.


 Provide an environment to build strong relationships:
   
 IET/IMechE paid membership
 STEM ambassador and volunteering activities
 ‘Buddy’ programme to pair you with an existing graduate


 Your growth and development will be supported by talented colleagues, a committed leadership team and the programme team.

 We are looking for eager and hardworking individuals who meet the following requirements:

 Bachelors or Masters Degree from an accredited university in Software/Computing Engineering.
 A strong commitment to a career in technology and a passion for engineering.
 A demonstrated strong technical aptitude towards problem solving. 
Unrestricted work authorisation for the UK (no visa sponsorship for this role)


 The next programme will start in September 2023.

 GE's Power Conversion is at the heart of electrifying tomorrow's energy.
 In GE Power Conversion We recognise the value of having wide range of perspectives in decision-making; and we foster an environment where everyone feels that they belong, that their contribution matters and they are able to perform to their full potential, no matter their background, identity or circumstances. 
We also understand that not everyone has the same expectations about their jobs, careers and work-life balance therefore we are happy to discuss flexibility requirements.
 Check these videos to know more about working in GE.
 GE Power Recruitment - YouTube
 People who see the world differently | GE :60 Commercial - YouTube 

Additional Information







 Relocation Assistance Provided: No








