Are you an experience Software Developer wanting to join a fantastic team in a fast paced retail business?
Do you have experience of working in fast paced, unstructured and ambiguous environments?
Then this is the role for you!
Reporting directly to the BI Team Leader, this role is to aid the BI team in the provision of all Business Information across the whole organisation and technical implementation of current and future dashboards, reports, cubes, ETL processes, spreadsheets and supporting database objects as required.
Key Accountabilities:

Provide senior technical capability for the Business Information Team in provisioning information reporting and analysis across Poundland Plc, including the European business, Dealz.
Directly aid the BI Team leader in the management of the BI team and the reporting of project statuses and progress to the IT leadership team and beyond.
Deal with internal stakeholders at all levels, from CEO and the Board of Directors, Operational Departments (Trading, Finance, Customer Services, Loss Prevention, Warehouse and throughout Retail) and across all stores and for Store Managers. Data involved in this analysis could be anything that affects the operational running of Poundland Plc. Primarily it is likely to be Sales and Product related data from areas such as the Warehouse, Trading, Finance and Retail.
Take personal responsibility for ensuring the accuracy of data requests and intelligence reporting across the team. This information must be so such data can be used externally and enable key business decisions to be made, up to and including board level.
Work closely with the BI Team Leader in identifying an appropriate and evolving skillset for the team and identifying how any gaps can be filled, either by training or internal/external recruitment.
Work with Service Delivery and Support to aid with the handing over of support to the appropriate team and improve collective documentation across IT to enable this.

Preferred experience/knowledge:

Extensive technical knowledge of the BI sphere.
Detailed knowledge of business practices and concepts to help with selecting the right approach to BI.
Experience of working in fast paced, unstructured and ambiguous environments.
Experience of working with a wide range of stakeholders from different business functions.
Experience of supporting the production of business/ benefits cases in support of IT initiatives.
Wide range of technical knowledge to help influence best practice across the team.
Some experience of training, mentoring and interviewing.
Experience of managing and influencing stakeholders in challenging and demanding environments.

We look forward to receiving your application!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: Up to £45,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Employee discount
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme

Work Location: In person