Description 


Role Summary and:
 We are looking for a software engineer to be part of our technical team that develops land warfare training systems. As a software engineer, you will be a part of a world-class team of engineers & designers that are passionate about building ground-breaking, lovable products. 

 This is an opportunity to enter a dynamic and challenging world of developing simulators and gaming systems for military and civilian use, to play a significant role at the cutting edge of technology, to lead in a challenging environment where a variety of training and simulation systems are developed. 

 Responsibilities 


The Software Engineer is responsible for: - 



Design and implementation of sub-system emulations.
Design and implementation of interface, monitoring and control applications.
Deriving software requirements and tasks from system level requirements.
Conducting integration between third-party and our software.
Problem solving during tests and trials.
Any additional tasks to ensure the success of the role and support to the Business Unit and Engineering Function.
Any additional tasks to ensure the success of the role and support to the Business Unit.
 In line with our Baseline Security requirements, candidates will be asked to provide evidence of identity & eligibility to work in the UK. 

 Person Specification 

 Role Aspect Role Competencies 

 Essential Skills 

 and Experience · Experience with object-oriented languages – C# & C++. · Experience with developing on a Windows Operating system. · Knowledge in networks (UDP, TCP, Multicast/Broadcast, ect’). · Competent in problem solving and analytical techniques in a methodical and logical manner to solve development and integration challenges. · Software Tools – Git, Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft Office. · Producing technical progress reports and test/trials reports. 

 Desirable Skills 

 Experience · Experience with BISimulations VBS4 simulation host. · Software Tools – Jira, WireShark, Dependency Walker. · Experience in development of Interface Control Documents (ICD) and in implementing interfaces from an ICD. · Experience in development of UI (User Interface) based applications. · Experience in Training and Simulation. · Experience Integration and acceptance testing. · Experience working in Agile Methodology. 

 Education · Bachelor’s degree - Software, Electronic or Systems Engineering. 

 Travel 

 Requirements · Essential travel to additional sites within the UK as and when required, occasional international travel 

 Benefits 
Salary – Competitive salary on offer 
Private Medical Insurance 
Health Assessments 
Healthcare Cash Plan (UK Healthcare) 
Pension – Auto-enrolment to pension scheme after 3 months – 4% employee and 4% company contribution. The company will match contributions up to 5%. Increases with length of service: 
Life Assurance – 4x Times Salary 
Cycle To Work Scheme – Salary sacrifice scheme 
Employee Assistance Programme 
Benefits Portal 
Annual Performance & Pay Review – Performance and salary reviews annually 
Enhanced Holidays – 33 days per year (including bank holiday’s)