My client is an extremely well-established (30 years+), software solutions provider, with a fantastic working environment and excellent staff benefits including extensive training and development, rising holiday, enhanced pension and lots more.
My client offers a collaborative working environment and excellent training and support for all of their staff. They have head offices in Wallington, Surrey, however their staff are dotted all over the UK and collaborate online, so this role can be fully remote.
We are looking for an ambitious Junior Software Developer with a strong technical background to join its small development team. The successful candidate will work alongside and be mentored by senior developers and report to the Design & Development Director. The ideal candidate will have some relevant commercial experience although recent graduates with knowledge of VB / VB.net will also be considered.
Junior Software Developer – Skills and Experience Required:
· We are looking for someone enthusiastic, intelligent and analytical.
· The successful Junior Software Developer will enjoy problem solving, will learn quickly and will be fascinated by technology.
· You will have a 2.1 or higher degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computing, Mathematics, Physics or a relevant subject, backed up with strong A levels.
· We are looking for a proven, structured programmer with experience of developing complex applications in Visual Basic and VB.Net (can be gained through education only)
· The ideal candidate will have an understanding of the importance of software architecture, quality and testing.
· Candidates who apply must have a genuine passion and aptitude for software development and software engineering!
My client offers an incredibly supportive working environment, with masses of training and personal development available. The average length of service is over 11 years and this is because of the fantastic working environment my client has created; they work hard to make sure every employee is valued and looked after!
My client has a loyal client base and invests nearly 20% of their turnover into R&D in order to sustain a competitive advantage. They recognize that their employees are their greatest asset and place great emphasis on training, developing them to their full potential, and rewarding them with attractive career progression.
Sound interesting and something you would love to be part of? Apply today!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £25,000.00-£28,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company pension
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme

Education:

Bachelor's (required)

Experience:

VB.net and Visual Basic development: 1 year (required)

Work Location: Remote
Reference ID: Junior Software Developer