Post Op is redefining surgical care, giving patients the ultimate recovery experience and providing clinical teams with more significant insights through AI-empowered communication. We aim to improve post-surgery care and reduce the global cost of surgical site infections. To support our growth, we're looking for an experienced and passionate Backend Developer to join our fully remote team. We're seeking someone with solid JavaScript/TypeScript and SQL skills and experience building batch AI systems to build and maintain our systems. If you're a driven, tech-savvy individual who thrives in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, we want to hear from you!
About Post Op
We are a cutting-edge seed-stage startup with our headquarters in London, working to change the landscape of post-surgical care. Our platform offers remote appointments, clear communication, and intelligent monitoring to enhance the patient experience and support clinical teams. We pride ourselves on being inclusive, with no bias allowed, and we're dedicated to providing personalized monitoring, guidance, and support for the best possible recovery.
What you'll do

Develop and maintain our backend systems using JavaScript/TypeScript and SQL
Collaborate with our team to integrate AI components, such as wound recognition and anomaly detection, into our systems
Prepare for and assist with potential migrations and refactoring to new technologies as our stack evolves
Adopt and contribute to our modern workflow with GitHub, automated builds, and automated deployments
Use your ingenuity and problem-solving skills to make a real impact on our projects and growth

What we're looking for

At least two years of experience as a backend developer, with a focus on JavaScript/TypeScript and SQL
Familiarity with AI concepts and batch processing, particularly in image recognition and anomaly detection
Experience with Redis is a plus but not required
Experience with current development workflows and tools, such as GitHub and automated build and deployment systems
Demonstrable contributions to significant projects or FOSS initiatives (e.g., on GitHub)
Excellent communication and teamwork skills, with the ability to work remotely

Why join Post Op?

Contribute to meaningful projects that make a difference in people's lives
Join a small but growing remote team, offering plenty of room for personal and professional growth
Enjoy the flexibility and work-life balance that come with a fully remote role
Be part of an inclusive, supportive, and diverse team that values creativity and innovation

At Post Op, we are proud to foster a culture of diversity and inclusivity and strongly encourage candidates from all walks of life to apply. If you're a talented and dedicated Backend Developer looking for your next challenge, we can't wait to see what you can bring to our team!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Flexitime
Sick pay
Work from home

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Work Location: RemoteFlexitime