



Job Title: JavaScript Web Developer Contract Type: Permanent, (Full Time/ Part Time/ Job Share/Flexible opportunities available) Salary Range: £45,000 - £55,000 Dependent on Experience Location: Gloucester/ Bournemouth – Hybrid Working Environment
 JavaScript Web Developer Ageas Insurance has an exciting opportunity available to join our dynamic Development Team as a JavaScript Web Developer.
 The JavaScript Web Developer will provide application builds that meet the requirements, design and build standards of Ageas, whilst also providing support to other Developers within the team. As a JavaScript Web Developer, you will ensure codebases are secure and maintainable, while helping to develop robust solutions based on specified requirements.  Here are some of the main responsibilities of the JavaScript Web Developer: Excellent at creating innovative solutions to problems and constantly striving to improve process. Working to the best practices and standards for the team, and ensuring they are shared and adopted. Good spoken and written communication, with the ability to engage constructively in both technical and non-technical discussions at all levels. Supporting new Application Developers in all aspects of their role/transition, including best practice and solution architecture, providing feedback where required and relevant.  Exploring and planning in readiness for future technical opportunities. Ensure close collaboration and alignment with other IT Developers. Establish a good network of business relationships to ensure requirements are clearly understood and any demonstration of a solution is effectively targeted. Able to take responsibility for the team’s delivery, including creating and committing to goals, whilst ensuring stakeholders are kept updated on progress.  To be successful the JavaScript Web Developer will have the following: A strong background in building and architecting JavaScript applications, including extensive experience with both Node.js and React. An excellent understanding of unit testing principles as well as practical experience using Jest or a similar testing framework. Solid foundation in basic web technologies including HTML and CSS Good level of confidence using Git as well as some understanding of Git Flow branching strategies. Some knowledge of configuring and setting up build tools such as Webpack, NPM, linters, and Docker. Any additional experience in using Azure, Kubernetes, Typescript, or any OOP languages such as Java and C# are an added benefit.  Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy with the JavaScript Web Developer role: At Ageas we offer a wide range of benefits to support you and your family inside and outside of work, which helped us achieve, Top Employer status in the UK. Flexible Working - Smart Working @ Ageas gives employees flexibility around location (as long as it’s within the UK) and, for many of our roles, flexibility within the working day to manage other commitments, such as school drop offs etc. We also offer all our vacancies part-time/jobshares . We also offer a minimum of 31 days holiday (inc. bank holidays) and you can buy and sell days. Supporting your Health – Dental Insurance Health Cash Plan, Health Screening, Will Writing, Voluntary Critical Illness, Mental Health First Aiders, Well Being Activities – Yoga, Mindfulness. Supporting your Wealth – Annual Bonus Schemes, Annual Salary Reviews, Competitive Pension, Employee Savings, Employee Loans. Supporting you at Work - Well-being activities, yoga, mindfulness sessions, Sports and Social Club events and more. Benefits for Them – Partner Life Assurance and Critical Illness cover Getting Around – Car Salary Exchange, Cycle Scheme, Vehicle Breakdown Cover Get some Tech – Deals on various gadgets including Wearables, Tablets and Laptops. Supporting you back to work - Return to work programme after maternity leave  About Ageas: We’re one of the largest car and home insurers in the UK. Our people help Ageas to be a thriving, creative and innovative place to work, which is echoed in the service we provide to over four million customers. As an inclusive employer, we encourage anyone to apply. We’re a signatory of the Race at Work Charter and Women in Finance Charter, a Stonewall diversity champion and a Disability Confident Employer (which means interviews are guaranteed for applicants with a disability who meet the minimum role criteria). For more information please see Ageas Everyone.  Our aim is to have great people everywhere in our business and we’re always looking for outstanding people to join us. Most roles across Ageas allow a proportion of your time to be spent working from home and we’re open to discussing flexible working, including full-time, part-time or job share arrangements. To find out more about Ageas, see About Us. Want to be part of a Winning Team? Come and join Ageas..   Click the ‘Apply Now’ button to start your application for the JavaScript Web Developer role.




