
MathWorks has a hybrid work model that enables staff members to split their time between office and home. The hybrid model provides the advantage of having both in-person time with colleagues and flexible at-home life optimizations. Learn More: https://www.mathworks.com/company/jobs/resources/hybrid-model.html.
 Are you interested in large language models and their applications to science and engineering? Are you excited about leveraging models such as ChatGPT to create applications with real-world impact? Join our team to build exciting features to change how our users interact with our products, improving their productivity and efficiency while keeping the high standards needed for critical applications.
 Text Analytics is looking for a new team member who, like us, is excited about NLP technology, solving problems, and learning new things. You will experience how to deliver high-quality and innovative solutions from beginning to end with a focus on large language models. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing and deploying large language models for various applications. If you want to learn more about the features and applications we have been working on, check out our product page.
 MathWorks nurtures growth, appreciates diversity, encourages initiative, values teamwork, shares success, and rewards excellence.



Design, develop, and maintain the next generation of MATLAB's natural language processing and text analytics solutions.

Research and evaluate new techniques and approaches for developing large language models.
Play a key role in defining requirements and designing NLP solutions for MATLAB.
Contribute to a high-quality codebase, develop tests, and participate in code reviews.
Collaborate with team members across engineering, quality engineering, user experience, and documentation to provide a quality product for our customers.




Must have

Experience with a scientific computing language such as MATLAB, Python, or R.
Strong background in NLP workflows and frameworks, including natural language processing libraries such as NLTK, spaCy, and Hugging Face.
Strong background in large language models such as GPT-3, BERT, and other Transformer-based models.
Experience with machine learning and deep learning techniques and frameworks such as MATLAB, PyTorch, TensorFlow, or scikit-learn.

Nice to have

Experience with finetuning, training from scratch and prompt engineering for large language models.
Experience with object-oriented programming, such as C++ or Java.
Experience deploying large language models.




A bachelor's degree and 6 years of professional work experience (or a master's degree and 3 years of professional work experience, or a PhD degree, or equivalent experience) is required.
