
Software Developer
 £47,350 to £50,091 per year
 Milton Keynes
 Hybrid working
 Are you a .NET Software Developer who wants to work somewhere with genuine purpose?
 Want to use your talent to change lives for the better?
 Do you need a role where the challenge is real, but so is the support from your manager and colleagues?
 The AQA software development team are embarking on a long-term strategy to deliver the very best in e-marking solutions. You'll have the opportunity to be part of a digital revolution in education assessment, directly impacting how millions of teachers and students achieve their potential.
 You'll be central to delivering industry leading products, playing a key role within a positive team culture. Your ideas will be listened to and AQA will invest in developing your skills.
 From day one, you'll have access to a contributory pension scheme, private medical insurance and health cash plan, and generous annual leave allowance (29 days per year rising to 34 with service, plus bank holidays). This is just the tip of the benefits with AQA, there is much more!
 You're the type of person who is passionate about software engineering disciplines, code quality, and ultimately delivering great software.
 You'll be able to:
 Contribute to a team using an agile approach to development. You'll have a strong foundation in development and appreciate the need to actively participate in SCRUM ceremonies and peer reviews.

 Collaborate and effectively communicate with cross-functional colleagues including Business Analysts, Architects and Quality Control.
 Comply with documented departmental procedures and methods and take responsibility for the management of implementation through effective breakdown into tasks, estimates and timely updates in Azure DevOps.

 Whilst this role is advertised as full time if you would like to work more flexibly please do get in touch, and we can discuss the possibility of other working patterns with you, such as part time options
 Every year we make results happen for over a million young people across the UK and as a Software Developer you will be at the heart of us achieving our charitable purpose.
 Please upload your CV via our AQA Job Portal. Applications will be reviewed as we receive them.
 
#PRO22
 #LI-Hybrid
