We are looking for a full time .NET C# developer.
We provide business software and web solutions to companies and organisations across multiple industries, and are about to launch a disruptive travel industry platform.
We also work with our partners to offer industry leading Cyber Security and IOT integrations.
We are looking for a self starter and problem solver to join the Dundee/Angus/Tayside area based team to work on a range of exciting projects.
We would like you to have skills and experience in:

.NET
C#
SQL
JavaScript & jQuery
HTML5/CSS

Desirable:

Experience with .Net Core

All projects and code is customised from existing developments and our internal Transpose™ Framework, but offers you a great deal of flexibility in how you work within the team. Projects typically cover business processes such as order and sales processing, manufacturing systems, stock control systems, biometrics, payroll, HR, e-commerce, websites, finance platform integrations (Sage 50/Sage 200).... and much more.
This is an excellent opportunity, offering any candidate the opportunity to work in a highly technical environment, using the latest technologies and joining a vibrant growing team. The position will involve a great deal of customer interaction and the successful candidate will be responsible, along with the Operations and Sales team, to manage the customer throughout the development.
The position will offer a Pension, Share Options and Bonuses and an excellent starting Salary.
Please respond by sending a copy of your CV.
Thank you, we look forward to meeting you.
Benefits:

Profit sharing/share options
Work from home opportunities
Bonus scheme
Flexible working hours

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £28,303.33-£40,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company pension
Flexitime
Work from home

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme
Performance bonus

Experience:

.NET (preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Reference ID: CR1007Expected start date: 18/04/2023Flexitime