

  We believe in better. And we make it happen.
 


   Better content. Better products. And better careers.
 


   Working in Tech, Product or Data at Sky is about building the next and the new.
 


   From broadband to broadcast, streaming to mobile, SkyQ to Sky Glass, we never stand still. We optimise and innovate.
 


   We turn big ideas into the products, content and services millions of people love.
 


   And we do it all right here at Sky.
 


 "This is an exciting time to join Sky’s Robotic Process Automation (RPA) team! We have built Sky’s first Centre of Excellence for RPA called SPACE (Sky Process Automation Centre of Excellence), which is now in its 5th year and growing, giving you the opportunity to play a pivotal role in crafting our future robotic automation capabilities. Sky’s RPA team designs, develops & supports robust automated solutions, to increase efficiency and productivity across any business area”
– 
RPA Team Leader



   What you'll do:
 



     Deliver robust RPA solutions to framework supported with clear, detailed and accurate supporting documentation.
   


     Support live RPA solutions, debug issues, communicate with business stakeholders and create fixes where required.
   


     Collaborate with SPACE Analysts and QAs to ensure process designs are clearly understood and implemented.
   


     Identify improvements to the team’s internal processes and upholding standards including peer review.
   


     Incident management, including root cause analysis, clean-up and prevention of future occurrences.
   


     Contribute to Sky’s RPA strategy and assessing new automation opportunities.
   


     Expand and maintaining our RPA infrastructure.
   



   What you'll bring:
 



     Proven RPA experience building automations with market-leading RPA software e.g. UiPath, Blue Prism or Automation Anywhere across projects of varying sizes and ideally involving enterprise systems in the domains of CRM, billing, telephony etc.
   


     Demonstratable experience with IT infrastructure support and maintenance (Windows Server, RedHat).
   


     Excellent analytical, problem solving and communication skills.
   


     Knowledge of SQL (e.g. MS SQL) and object-oriented programming (e.g. C#, Powershell).
   


     Understanding of workflow-based logic and the ability to both understand a business process from a workflow diagram and to conceptualise it as an automated solution.
   


     Willingness to learn, share knowledge and adapt in a constantly changing fast-paced environment.
   



   Team overview:
 


   Group Enterprise Technology Solutions
 


   Our Group Enterprise Technology Solutions team keeps Europe’s biggest entertainment brand running smoothly by providing the digital technologies, tools and systems our colleagues need to work productively and collaboratively no matter where they are. Our team is built around five core capabilities: Enterprise Resource Planning platforms; workplace solutions; enablement and automation; value stream realisation and governance; and transformation and change management.
 


   The rewards:
 


   There's one thing people can't stop talking about when it comes to #LifeAtSky: the perks! Here’s a taster:
 



     Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
   


     The magic of Sky Glass at an exclusive rate
   


     A generous pension package
   


     Private healthcare
   


     Discounted mobile and broadband
   


     A wide range of Sky VIP rewards and experiences
   



   Inclusion & how you'll work:
 


   Recognised by The Times and Stonewall, we take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion. Investing in society, fighting racial injustice and setting ambitious targets for representation at Sky.
 


   We’ve embraced hybrid working and split our time between unique office spaces and the convenience of working from home. You’ll find out more about what hybrid working looks like for your role later on in the recruitment process.
 


   Your office space:
 


   Livingston Watermark House
 


   Our lively campus is a free shuttle bus away from Livingston South train station and the town centre. Plus there’s onsite parking available for cars, motorbikes and bicycles.
 


   You’ll be well fed at our subsidised canteen, and you can keep in shape at our onsite gym – or play a game of pool or table tennis.
 


   We'd love to hear from you:
 


   Inventive, forward-thinking minds come together to work in Tech, Product and Data at Sky. It’s a place where you can explore what if, how far, and what next.
 

   But better doesn’t stop at what we do, it’s how we do it, too. We embrace each other’s differences. We support our community and contribute to a sustainable future for our business and the planet.
 


   If you believe in better, we’ll back you all the way.
 


   Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.
 
