



   Full-time
  





 Company Description


 Cheddar makes it easy to get paid by friends, send money and earn cashback when you shop at retailers across the UK. We're rewriting the rules of moving money and getting paid.
 As part of our growing team, you'll create services that will deliver tangible benefits to millions. Collaborating with some of the brightest minds in tech, you'll help launch, scale and continually evolve our suite of payment tools to create real value and exceed customer expectations.
 We are a remote-first company. That means we encourage you to work from anywhere that suits you. We still believe human contact makes working together better (and more fun!). As a team, we gather in real life multiple times a year to align the team and work on hard problems together.




 Job Description


 As a Software Engineer at Cheddar, you’ll wear many hats and be responsible for large parts of our tech infrastructure. Your future colleagues have extensive experience of scaling software at some of the globe's most disruptive tech unicorns, and we are aiming to deliver a platform used by millions across UK, Europe and eventually global.
 We're building our platform on proven and reliable software, using:

 Ruby on Rails (main application)
 Go (auxiliary services)
 Dart / Flutter (mobile application)
 PostgreSQL
 BigQuery
 Terraform

 We don't believe in breaking up our platform into thousands of services but are instead creating boundaries where it makes sense. Security is very important of course, since we are dealing with banks and money. So we need to do things right.
 We rely on Google Cloud for deploying our infrastructure so we can focus on what makes us unique. We automate where possible to achieve the scale we are aiming for.
 Our approach to engineering is;

 Build a reliable, no-nonsense tech stack
 Plenty of autonomy so you can make the right decision
 We move fast and believe everything is solvable
 Building an experienced team that is committed to learning and self-motivated
 Build a high-potential product that can grow to millions of users

 As a Cheddar Engineer, you will:

 Implement product features in Rails
 Work on our integration with banks to ensure money is moved around smoothly
 Design data models for our Postgres database
 Create administrative tools to fight fraud and abuse
 Have a front-row seat in forming the direction of the Cheddar product





 Qualifications


 We’re looking for talented people who;

 Know Ruby, Python, JavaScript, Go, Dart or comparable languages
 Have experience designing and shipping software into production
 Are able to effectively communicate their ideas and share their knowledge with others
 Like to learn new things and can get up to speed on new concepts quickly (hope you enjoy reading banking API documentation!)
 Are self-motivated and know to work independently
 Strong knowledge of SQL and how to design a scalable database schema

 Other experience that is nice to have:

 Knowledge of Protocol Buffers
 Experience working in a fast-paced startup environment
 Experience developing mobile applications
 Experience developing front-end applications
 Experience with Docker, Google Cloud, Terraform and other cloud-native tooling





 Additional Information


 Let's take a minute and talk about the perks:

 Competitive salary 
 Meaningful equity in the organisation 
 Latest MacBook Pro 
 Flexible vacation policy ✈️
 Remote first work 
 Company meetups 
 Regular socials 
 Development courses 
 The list goes on 

 We are strong supporters of diversity and inclusion, practicing what we preach. We pride ourselves in having a diverse team with a 'remote by default' way of working that further allows us to hire the best talent according to aptitude.
 We openly welcome all identities and backgrounds.





