
 Company Description
  REF25886D
 At CGA by NIQ, we deliver the most complete and clear understanding of consumer buying behavior that reveals new pathways to growth for the largest food and drink businesses and most iconic brands. With offices in the UK and the USA, it is our vision to be the world’s leading business intelligence and strategic consultancy provider for the out-of-home leisure market.
 CGA was acquired by NIQ, the world's leading consumer intelligence provider for off-premise data and insights, bringing together on- and off-trade services that offer clients an unparalleled opportunity to grow brand and market share. NIQ operates in more than 100 countries, delivering alcoholic beverage measurement and consumer insights that power growth.



 Job Description
  As a SQL Developer, you will work alongside experienced team members, developing and growing your skills while contributing to the continuing growth of the business.
 Responsibilities

 Design and develop database applications using SQL frameworks.
 Develop scripts for data analysis, functions, and maintenance.
 Provide solutions to complex problems where necessary.
 Monitor and actively work to improve database efficiency and performance.
 Work with customers and clients to understand requirements and build workable solutions.




 Qualifications
 

 3+ years of experience as a SQL Developer with an excellent understanding of Microsoft SQL Server.
 Excellent T-SQL query skills (including views, functions, and stored procedures).
 Experience with index building and maintenance along with query optimization.
 Experience building ETL packages using SSIS.
 Experience with Azure. Exposure to Azure Data Factory skills.
 Strong Microsoft Excel skills.
 Understanding of different development languages such as PowerShell, Python, and C#.
 Ability to identify opportunities to improve database processes.
 Knowledge of managing large-scale databases and building appropriate reporting deliverables.
 Great interpersonal and communication skills.

 #LI-SG
 Additional Information
 

 Pension
 Private Medical Insurance (Single)
 Annual Leave purchase Scheme
 Hybrid/Home Office Working
 Life Insurance
 GYM Membership
 Employee Discounts
 Paid holiday leave
 Holiday Entitlement
 Cycle to work support


 About NIQ
 NIQ, the world’s leading consumer intelligence company, reveals new pathways to growth for retailers and consumer goods manufacturers. With operations in more than 100 countries, NIQ delivers the most complete and clear understanding of consumer buying behavior through an advanced business intelligence platform with integrated predictive analytics. NIQ delivers the Full View.
 NIQ was founded in 1923 and is an Advent International portfolio company. For more information, visit NIQ.com
 Want to keep up with the latest updates on our business and #LifeAtNIQ? Follow us on: LinkedIn | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook
 Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
 NIQ is committed to reflecting the diversity of the clients, communities, and markets we measure within our own workforce. We exist to count everyone and are on a mission to systematically embed inclusion and diversity into all aspects of our workforce, measurement, and products. We enthusiastically invite candidates who share that mission to join us.
 We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Our global non-discrimination policy covers these protected classes in every market in which we do business worldwide.
 Learn more about how we are driving diversity and inclusion in everything we do by visiting the NielsenIQ News Center: https://nielseniq.com/global/en/news-center/diversity-inclusion/
 NIQ or any of our subsidiaries will never ask you for money at any point of the recruitment or onboarding process.
