It’s an exciting time to join one of our Early Careers programmes at QinetiQ. We are always looking for great people to join our team, whether you are taking your first steps in starting a career or you are looking to make a career change, we have a wide range of exciting opportunities for you. 

 About the team 


Software Engineering:
 The QinetiQ Software Engineering discipline supports a broad range of our capabilities from designing submarines to cyber-security services and is at the forefront of developing innovative software solutions to meet the demanding requirements of our customers and partner organisations. 

 We are a group of professional software developers and engineers who work across the air, land, maritime and space domains of the business. We use the latest software development technologies and techniques to develop innovative software solutions. Our Software Engineering teams are looking to recruit proactive, passionate and innovative people who are looking to help improve the way we work today & shape the solutions of tomorrow. 

 Our Software Engineering teams are composed of a wide variety of people from graduates enrolled in the Early Careers programme through to our subject matter experts, software architects and technical leaders, and are drawn from a variety of STEM related backgrounds, with engineers, scientists and mathematicians represented amongst our ranks. 

 At QinetiQ, we develop a broad range of R&D, product and services projects from mission systems to simulation & training. Software Engineering encompasses everything from engineering embedded, real-time systems to developing cloud-based software services. We work in multidisciplinary teams to develop complex systems for cutting edge applications such as autonomous vehicles, high end cryptography and high precision satellite navigation. We’re involved in some of most challenging, high profile science and technology programmes in the UK and overseas. 

 What will I be doing? 

 You will perform a wide variety of software tasks to support the delivery of projects across the software profession. You will work effectively with external clients and internal teams and, as part of a team, you will help design, implement and deliver new features and maintain existing software. 


Examples of areas that you could be contributing to:
 Contributing to some of most challenging, high profile science and technology programmes in the UK and overseas, 

 Developing training & simulation systems to prepare and develop our armed forces, 

 Supporting test and evaluation activities for novel equipment trials and military exercises both in the UK and internationally, 

 Delivering systems that monitor and protect our critical national infrastructure, 

 Developing autonomous air, land and maritime vehicles for military and humanitarian use, 

 Developing updates for one of the world's only fully integrated naval architecture design and analysis tools, 

 Engineering embedded avionic systems for civilian aircraft. 


Academic requirements:
 You will need to have attained a degree with a key focus on any of the disciplines listed below: 

 Software Engineering, Computer Science or Information Technology, 

 Engineering (with a software element), 

 Science (with a software element), 

 Maths (with a software element). 


Additional requirements:
 Have a strong interest and/or experience within Software Engineering. 

 Some knowledge of at least 1 object oriented software language. 

 Any work experience within the computing or engineering industry is beneficial. 

 Extra-curricular &/or hobbies in Software Engineering or Computer Science is beneficial. 

 Any Agile, Cloud, DevOps or embedded software experience is beneficial. 

 Please be aware that many roles within QinetiQ will be subject to both security and export control restrictions. These restrictions mean that factors including your nationality, any previous nationalities you have held, and your place of birth may limit those roles you can perform for the organisation. 

 You must be prepared to go through the Government Vetting process. For further details please refer to, https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/united-kingdom-security-vetting 


Location(s):
 Amesbury, Wiltshire, UK 

 Bristol, Avon, UK 

 Farnborough, Hampshire, UK 

 Opportunities exist for hybrid working, i.e. a mix of time spent on-site and remote working. However, applicants who are within reasonable commuting distance of the above QinetiQ office sites will be preferred due to the requirements of some of our project work. 

 #ECG24JC 

 Why join QinetiQ? 

 As a global company of over 6,000 dedicated people providing technological and scientific expertise, we are excited to recruit the most talented and enthusiastic people to become key parts of our business. Our Early Careers programmes give you the opportunity to be at the heart of impactful projects. 

 Diversity and inclusion 

 In our unique working environment, teams from different backgrounds collaborate widely on some of the world’s most complex defence and security challenges. Whatever part you play, you’ll get to experience what happens when we all share different perspectives, blend disciplines, and link technologies. It’s a diverse and inclusive environment where you can be authentic, feel valued and realise your full potential. Together, we’ll explore new ways of protecting the world around us. 

 Your wellbeing 

 Looking after the health and wellbeing of our employees are our top priority. We offer a host of services designed to support your wellbeing. They range from our Thrive app and Employee Assistance Programme to Mental Health First Aiders. The wellbeing of our employees is critical to our collective and individual success. 

 Rewards and benefits 

 We offer global career progression and the opportunity to work on a broad range of interesting projects along with a wide range of rewards and recognition. Our highly competitive salaries come with a raft of benefits, from a performance-based Employee Incentive Scheme to Thank Q, our global recognition scheme. There’s also a Share Incentive Plan, Life Assurance and Benefits+, our flexible benefits package. It’s all designed to make life easier for you. 

 About QinetiQ 

 Being part of QinetiQ means being central to the safety and security of the world around us. Partnering with our customers, we help to save lives; reduce risks to society; and maintain the global infrastructure on which we all depend. 

 With a focus on protecting the world around us, we have a target to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by 2025 and we are developing a global plan for net zero by March 2022. Being a responsible and sustainable business is at the heart of our identity. 

 Come and find out how you can play your part.