

Atomic has been leading the way in digital product innovation for over two decades. We’re trusted by some of the worlds largest organisations to deliver complex technology solutions that help them transform and grow.
We are looking for a Frontend Developer to join our dynamic and fast moving web team. You will work with our team of talented engineers to develop and maintain frontend code for our web and mobile solutions for our expanding client list. The web development team works closely with our designers and other development teams to ensure system consistency and excellent user experience. Ultimately, you should be able to develop and maintain functional and stable frontend web applications to meet our clients’ needs.


Knowledge & Experience Required

Proven commercial experience as a frontend developer
A demonstrable portfolio of high-end responsive web interfaces
In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment)
Proficient in HTML5, CSS, SASS, javascript
Experience with typescript
Proficient in one major frontend javascript framework (Angular preferred)
Strong understanding of browser rendering process and code optimisation
Experience optimising web applications for Search Engine Optimisation
Teamwork skills with a problem-solving attitude
Some experience with C# .NET would be beneficial but is not essential


 
Benefits
As well as a competitive salary, you will also receive the following benefits;

Support for your health and wellbeing with access to fast and effective private medical insurance with Vitality
A commitment to learning & development
Company profit share
Enhanced maternity & paternity pay
Company sick pay
The opportunity to learn and work with the latest tech
Company pension scheme


 
We are a technology company that depends on great people. If you want to explore your passion for design and technology, within a team that truly understands and values who you are, as much as what you can do, then we'd love to talk to you.


Please note:-


This position can be largely remote but does requires you to be in the office 1-2 days per month (you can of course come in more if you wish!)


You will be required to undertake our screening and pre-employment checks, which includes a criminal record (DBS) check. Any adverse check may result in an offer of employment being withdrawn


We do not hold a sponsors licence therefore you must have an existing right to work in the UK in order for us to progress your application



