
 Email Developer & Designer
 
   We are seeking a talented Email Developer & Designer to support the Email Design team in coding and designing editorial, brand mailers, triggered and transactional emails, as well as any ad-hoc email briefs that are submitted.
 


 About the Role
 


   As an Email Developer and Designer, you will specialise in coding and building HTML emails ready for deployment through SAP Marketing Cloud (SMC) using reusable blocks. You will have some experience with triggered emails and the use of JSON tags.
 


   The role also requires you to support the team in designing email layouts in either Photoshop or Sketch, following briefs from the content team for BAU emails and from brands for brand mailer emails. You will be working very collaboratively with writers and editors to layout visuals and with designers to build and code for one of Harrods’ key digital platforms for approval across the Creative Content and CRM teams.
 


   About You
 

   You will specialise in code, ensuring templates are fully optimised for mobile and dark mode, and feel confident troubleshooting. You will use your creative skills to design emails that are engaging and on brand. As well as keeping up to date with design trends, you will be passionate and knowledgeable about improvements in code, such as introducing interactive elements in order to improve click-through rates, and bringing any industry developments to the table.
 


   About Us
 


   Harrods is one of the world’s leading luxury department stores and we’re becoming a destination for top designers, and the most sought-after brands from around the globe. Our combined mission is to make visiting our iconic Knightsbridge store one of the world’s most inspiring shopping experiences.
 


   Our Promise to You
 


   Help us make the impossible possible for our customers and we’ll do something remarkable for you. As well as offering a friendly environment to inspire your best work, we provide abundant opportunities and support to build an exceptional career across the varied specialisms of our business.
 


   In return, you’ll receive an excellent benefits package, including a company pension, flexible working, 25 days’ holiday, and your birthday off, up to 33% in-store discount (including across our food hall and restaurants) and a season ticket loan.
 


   Uniquely You
 


   At Harrods we believe the personality and authenticity of our people sets us apart. We celebrate and invite applications from all cultures, backgrounds, tastes, and experiences and are proud of our culture where people from all walks of life can grow and thrive. What makes you unique makes us exceptional.
 


   If you want to know more about our people and our culture, search #TogetherHarrods on LinkedIn, Facebook or follow us on Instagram @togetherharrods.
 


   Harrods reserve the right to close applications early at any time.
 


   Additional Information:
 


   Time Type:
  Permanent
 

   Department:
  Creative Content (Lauren Parker)
