YPS - Frontend Engineer (UK Only, Remote) 

 Who Are We? 
YourParkingSpace.co.uk (YPS) is the leading UK shared economy platform for parking. With hundreds of thousands of customers throughout the UK, YPS enables property owners to lease their parking spaces (either on a short-term or long-term basis) to earn additional revenue, whilst enabling drivers to find and pre-book parking more conveniently and more cost-effectively. Additionally, the business is the UK’s fastest-growing direct operator of car parks. This evolving model is rapidly cementing our position as the go-to business for car park operations. 

 With a rapidly growing team, ongoing international expansion, recent multi-million-pound investment and hugely exciting commercial opportunities landing daily and a team of competent and hard-working colleagues, you will be joining the organisation at an extremely exciting moment in its history. 


Role & Responsibilities:


Work alongside a team of 2-4 front-end engineers.
Evaluate and point out areas that we can improve in the various code bases.
Work in an agile, collaborative environment with fellow engineers and product managers to create the best multiple platform software.
Work towards short, mid and long-term team goals.
Provide estimates, and contribute to planning and coordination of engineering activities.
Ensure that quality issues and defects are appropriately identified, documented, tracked, and resolved.
Work towards various KPIs defined by the Frontend Lead.
Participate in the design process to understand, analyse and influence the application/service/system.
Identify the risks and appropriate test coverage to validate new features.
Present testing results and progress to the team lead.
Use Jira to create tickets relating to technical implementation.
Analyse and identify the issues found during testing, working with other engineers and/or the product team to diagnose them.
Understand the business aspects, as well as the ways the customers are using the system, and check if the system is performing as it should be.
Participate in meetings with the Engineering, QA, and Product teams.
Engage with a spirit of collaboration across teams and individuals.
 The Right Person? 


Passion for learning and supporting colleagues.
Keen eye for detail.
Passion for code standards and ensuring code is consistent throughout the code base.
Experience in writing clear, concise, and well-documented code.
Team player, independent, out-of-the-box thinker, and self-learner.
The ability to work in a dynamic environment which can be changed frequently.
Good interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills in English.
JavaScript ES6+ (minimum 2 years).
Experience with Jira.
Working in an Agile (Scrum) methodology.
Working within a fast-paced environment.
Minimum 4 years commercial experience.
Ability to be able to communicate positively and handle conflict in a professional and tactful manner.
Confidence in decision making and the ability to give meaningful advice towards an end goal.
Working knowledge of Vue.js and Nuxt.js (desirable).
Writing unit tests (desirable).
Mobile-first development (desirable).
Creating, and giving feedback on pull requests (desirable).
 What you’ll get 


Fully remote working
24 days annual leave + this increases after 3 years, with one extra day added each year (maximum 3 additional days)
Birthday off
Bi-annual performance & salary reviews
Enhanced maternity and paternity leave
Learning and Development opportunities
Volunteering and fundraising for our chosen charity
Monthly parking credit, as well as free parking at the office
Gym membership
Mental health and well-being support
Cycle to work and tech scheme
Working in a company where there are no limits! If you work hard and want to achieve big things, this is the place for you
