We have an exciting opportunity in the Department of Oncology and Metabolism for a research-software engineer with a passion for cancer research, looking to use their software development skills to directly impact patient treatments. You will join the Ex vivo group in our large and diverse academic department of Oncology and Metabolism. The role will also involve working closely with the Institute for in silico Medicine (INSIGNEO) and Sheffield’s Bioinformatics Core, who have experience of delivering data driven healthcare solutions. In this varied role, you will be responsible for developing a graphical environment orchestrating an image analysis pipeline, to support the ex vivo screening project and its interfacing with bioinformatics undertakings. The ex vivo screening project is a new microscopy-based methodology which can potentially predict patient response to cancer treatments using a biopsy or surgical tissue. Our aim is to develop ex vivo screening into a service which can be accessed by the NHS clinicians to predict patient response to a treatment regime, prior to treatment. 

 We are seeking candidates with a PhD and relevant experience in developing processing environments or tools with graphical user interfaces, preferably in the context of automated image analysis solutions. The role will involve developing a customised semi-automated image analysis and bioinformatics pipeline for high throughput analysis of ex vivo drug screening images utilising single cell resolution microscopy. Our aim is to use this model to translate these findings directly to oncology clinicians. 

 We’re one of the best not-for-profit organisations to work for in the UK. The University’s Total Reward Package includes a competitive salary, a generous Pension Scheme and annual leave entitlement, as well as access to a range of learning and development courses to support your personal and professional development. 

 We build teams of people from different heritages and lifestyles from across the world, whose talent and contributions complement each other to greatest effect. We believe diversity in all its forms delivers greater impact through research, teaching and student experience. 

 To find out what makes the University of Sheffield a remarkable place to work, watch this short film: www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LblLk18zmo, and follow @sheffielduni and @ShefUniJobs on Twitter for more information.