




Reference Number


GJD1





Location


Belfast




Contract Type


Full-Time Permanent




Closing Date


03/06/2024





Due to significant growth, we are looking for talented, high performing graduates to join our rapidly expanding team and work as Java Developers.
You will be primarily working within the back-end development team and will gain exposure to the full software stack. You will use modern development tools and concepts to deliver high quality, best practice software solutions.

Essential criteria:

Minimum 2:1 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related discipline
Experience in Java Development
Excellent client facing skills


Desirable criteria:

Spring Boot / React
RESTful API development
Git
Linux/Unix
Scrum / Kanban


In this role you will:

Build bespoke software solutions for Clients using Java/Spring
Deliver high quality, best practice software solutions
Use a range of architectures, tools and frameworks
Have the opportunity to learn new technologies
Complete the Oracle Certified Java Programmer Certification
Suggest and implement new ideas and innovations
Work as part of a dynamic team


What we can offer:

Accelerated career progression
Engineering Certification Programs
Company bonus scheme
Increasing holiday entitlement
Company pension plan
Healthcare cover


Why AquaQ Analytics?
AquaQ Analytics Limited deliver the highest quality service in some of the most intellectually demanding working environments. If you enjoy working with high profile clients, cutting edge technology and want to make an impact within a dynamic organisation, then AquaQ Analytics is for you.
In 2021 we reached an important milestone in our ambitious growth plans with a significant investment from Sovereign Capital Partners. This investment will help us to further scale and develop our services to help clients meet their own business goals and ambitions.
We also offer fantastic learning and development opportunities, and heavily invest in career progression of our people! In 2020 we announced a £1million investment in the skills and development of our ever-growing team.

AquaQ Analytics wishes to ensure that equal opportunities are given to all job applicants. We welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons. All appointments will be made on merit.










AquaQ Analytics Limited is a provider of specialist data management, data analytics and data mining services to clients operating within the capital markets and other sectors. Our domain knowledge, combined with advanced analytical techniques and expertise in best-of-breed technologies, helps our clients get the most out of their data.
Headquartered in Belfast, the company has grown to over 200 employees, servicing an ever expanding global client base of investment banks and hedge funds. Employees are based directly on client site or increasingly work out of the Belfast HQ under a near shore operating model. We currently have consultants onsite in the UK, Canada, the US, Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan and Australia.




