




Graduate Engineering Software Developer 

Glasgow 





Reference number #2186
Full Time Permanent Role
This role will be working from our Glasgow office with hybrid and flexible working options available.
The Role
IES, a world leading green-tech software company, is looking for passionate applicants who are looking to learn and challenge themselves. The successful candidate will progress through our two-year Graduate Scheme and will be working within a dynamic software team, working on our cutting-edge building performance technology.
The day-to-day workload will involve developing customer driven features, improving the performance and quality of existing features, participating in code reviews and providing input to the product documentation.
For more information on our graduate scheme, please see our Graduate Programme Page for more information.
The Candidate
We are looking for self-motivated graduates who are ready to embark on a career in software development. We require individuals who can work on their own initiative but also have the ability to work alongside with others as part of a team.
Does this sound like you? We would love to hear from you if you have a combination of the following skills:
Essential

Educated to a degree level in engineering, computing, or a related scientific subject.
Understand energy/heat transfer mechanisms.
A passion for coding with experience of writing code in a compiled language.
Motivated by using analytical and problem-solving skills for a practical purpose.
Strongly detailed-orientated and able to work with multiple goals and deadlines.

Desirable

Understanding of building physics with the ability to run building simulation tools.
Experience working with a large code base across different modules.
Experience with a version control system.

The Rewards
In return we offer the chance to work for a dynamic company in an exciting and supportive working environment; we will reward you with a competitive salary, private health care, a contributory pension scheme, life insurance, retail discounts, enhanced maternity and paternity, flexible start times and hybrid working options.
Happy to talk flexible working!
To Apply
To apply for the role please send a covering letter stating the skills you have from the requirements listed above and an up to date CV/resume to careers@iesve.com. Please ensure you include the job title and reference number in your application.
Early application is encouraged and IES reserves the right to close this vacancy early should sufficient applications be received.
The Company
At IES we have been working in Climate Tech for the last 28 years and we consider the fight against Climate Change a moral imperative that drives all our decisions. We value People, Purpose and Innovation. We offer a flexible and supportive working environment and the opportunity to work with a team of friendly, interesting and diverse people from across the globe, who are passionate about what we do.
Our mission is to contribute to conserving the earth’s natural resources for future generations by reducing the carbon emissions of the built environment. IES is at the forefront of cutting-edge technology in the Climate Tech sector. Our Virtual Environment (VE) software is already the only tool that allows designers and engineers to simulate the full performance of a buildings. We are now expanding our portfolio with new solutions to tackle the built environment at any scale.
IES’ technology is supported by integrated consulting services and today its capabilities are expanding from use on individual buildings, to helping create sustainable communities, cities and countries.
We welcome applications from everyone irrespective of age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion and belief, sex and sexual orientation. Individuals are treated on the basis of their relevant skills and experience.
Information on all candidates being considered for roles within the organisation will be handled in accordance with the provision of the General Data Protection Regulations (as amended from time to time). For more information, please see our Recruitment Privacy Statement.







How to apply 


To apply for the role please send a covering letter stating the skills you have from the requirements listed and an up to date CV to: 
careers@iesve.com 
Early application is encouraged and IES reserves the right to close this vacancy early should sufficient applications be received.





