

Software Engineering Intern - Belfast 
Kickstart your career with Juniper Networks 
Belfast UK 
At Juniper Networks, our goal is to solve the unsolvable by challenging conventions to define what’s possible, not simply what’s next.  Do you want to pursue bold aspirations?  Do you want to make a difference to the way people work, play and live their lives?  If yes, we want to talk to you and, if you want to know more, keep reading. 
About the Job: 
Juniper is seeking a Software Engineering Intern to be part of their Belfast Software Engineering team. The Belfast Software Engineering team focuses on developing innovative management and control solutions for Open Network Systems. This reflects trends in IP Networking and Data Center solutions to move to a centrally controlled, programmable network that allows customers to control their own networks. 
The software development languages are Go; Java and JavaScript and the solution is deployed in Docker containers within a Kubernetes cluster. 
The Software Intern will be working to a Continuous Integration development model, experiencing its benefits and practices as applied to commercial software development. 
Test tools used in the project include Selenium and Robot 
The candidate must possess solid software programming skills and have an understanding of IP networks. 
Responsibilities: 
Prototype, design, implement and unit test new product features and functionality within the Juniper Network Automation products.  

Requirements: 

Computer Science or Electronic Engineering background.  
Go; Java or JavaScript programming skills as part of a software project. 
Linux knowledge is highly desired.  
Python scripting knowledge is a plus.  
Knowledge about development & debugging processes and tools (e.g., IDEs, source control, unit test automation, continuous integration, debuggers) is highly desired.  
Good written and oral communication skills; outstanding listening and interpersonal skills; ability to clearly articulate a problem/situation at hand and communicate alternative strategies. 

Other Information: 
We can only accept applications from EU citizens or students from Non‐EU countries with the right to work in the UK.  Applications from students without the right to work will not be considered. 
About Juniper 
Juniper Networks challenges the status quo... 
...with innovative products, solutions and services critical to businesses by transforming the economics of networking in the connected world. We are pushing the limits of silicon, systems and software for unified environments and open architectures in our routing, switching and security solutions. 
We are a leader in network automation, performance and creation. We create highly scalable, secure and cost‐effective networks for unprecedented choice, agility, efficiency and value. We empower customers to unlock new business models and capitalize on new growth opportunities. We do so by challenging conventions to define what’s possible, not simply what’s next. Every product, solution and person who works at Juniper is driving business transformation that underpins the connected world. 
At Juniper we believe this is more than a job ‐ it’s an opportunity to help change the world...

