Post Op is redefining surgical care, giving patients the ultimate recovery experience and providing clinical teams with more significant insights through AI-empowered communication. We aim to improve post-surgery care and reduce the global cost of surgical site infections. To support our growth, we're seeking an experienced and passionate Mobile App Developer to join our fully remote team. We're seeking someone with solid skills in Android, iOS, React Native and Expo, as well as documented working experience in AI, to build top-quality apps and websites for our users. If you're a driven, tech-savvy individual who thrives in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, we want to hear from you!
About Post Op
We are a cutting-edge seed-stage startup with our headquarters in London, working to change the landscape of post-surgical care. Our platform offers remote appointments, clear communication, and intelligent monitoring to enhance the patient experience and support clinical teams. We pride ourselves on being inclusive, with no bias allowed, and we're dedicated to providing personalized monitoring, guidance, and support for the best possible recovery.
What you'll do

Develop high-quality, cross-platform mobile applications (iOS and Android) and websites using React Native and Expo as well as native mobile SDKs as needed
Collaborate with our team to integrate AI components, such as image recognition, into our products
Adopt and contribute to our modern workflow with GitHub, automated builds, and automated deployments
Assist in building our testing infrastructure and writing scripts to ensure the quality of our products
Use your ingenuity and problem-solving skills to make a real impact on our projects and growth

What we're looking for

At least two years of experience as a mobile app developer, with a focus on React Native and Expo
Familiarity with AI concepts, particularly in image recognition
Experience with modern development workflows and tools, such as GitHub and automated build and deployment systems
Testing skills and expertise in building testing infrastructures
Demonstrable contributions to significant projects or FOSS initiatives (e.g., on GitHub)
Excellent communication and teamwork skills, with the ability to work remotely

Why join Post Op?

Contribute to meaningful projects that make a difference in people's lives
Join a small but growing remote team, offering plenty of room for personal and professional growth
Enjoy the flexibility and work-life balance that come with a fully remote role
Be part of an inclusive, supportive, and diverse team that values creativity and innovation

At Post Op, we are proud to foster a culture of diversity and inclusivity and strongly encourage candidates from all walks of life to apply. If you're a talented and dedicated Frontend Developer looking for your next challenge, we can't wait to see what you can bring to our team!
Apply for the job
Do you want to join our team as our new Mobile Developer with AI Knowledge? Then we'd love to hear about you!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Flexitime
Sick pay
Work from home

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Work Location: RemoteFlexitime