
 Company Description
  Visa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.
 When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.
 Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.



 Job Description
  Working within the OVN Programme As the world’s largest retail electronic payments network Visa customers trust us with ensuring that they can pay with security and confidence everywhere they want to be. Network Processing looks after the systems that form the core of Visa, allowing consumers and merchants to connect with financial institutions and provide a seamless payment experience, the core mission of the OVN (Open VisaNet) team is to create the next generation of these core systems using the latest technologies to ensure we are able to maintain this trust going forward and ensure that Visa is ready for the challenges of the future. We offer you the opportunity to be at the centre of innovation in the payments industry by joining us in the OVN team in Reading, where we are driving forward the implementation of the future of Visa. If you think you could support Visa as a Staff Software Engineer, we want to hear from you – together, let’s make Visa a great place to work. 
This is a hybrid position. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both remote and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office 2-3 set days a week (determined by leadership/site), with a general guidepost of being in the office 50% or more of the time based on business needs.



 Qualifications
  What we’re after… Building Open VisaNet will involve collaboration with an exceptional group of software engineers, security specialists, DevOps engineers, test automation engineers, designers, analysts, payment experts and architects across multiple geographies. This role requires an experienced software engineer who wants to work in an agile cross-functional development team, combining development, test/QA, and analysis/design skills. The team is currently responsible for building key elements of the authorisation application, which is a long-term delivery making use of a proprietary internal rules language alongside exposure to Go in a Kafka, Docker and Kubernetes micro-services environment when delivering services.  A successful candidate would have exposure to these technologies with a deep understanding of one or more and a desire to learn more. More products will be added over time, which could bring more technologies into the remit of the team, so flexibility, and a desire to learn is key. As Go is an evolving language, we will consider candidates with a strong background in other languages (like C, C++ or Java) and offer world-class training resources to support a transition. The ideal candidate will have experience working across the full spectrum of software development (including requirements gathering, design, development, QA and deployment), and be comfortable working/leading on multiple workstreams.  The ideal candidate will be able to provide guidance to agile team members, act as the design authority, shape best practice and ways of working within the team. As a staff software engineer, the candidate will be expected to lead on specific project level deliverables, maintaining stakeholder relationships with internal partners whilst mentoring more junior members of the team. The ideal candidate would understand that as a central part of the payment services landscape any senior technical role in the OVN Team at Visa will involve a blend between technical, leadership, and payment industry knowledge. Being willing to learn and understand the highly complex intricacies of ISO Transaction Formats, business meanings and specific fields alongside the complex interactions between them as business scenarios unfold is a sizable element of the role. This role provides an ideal opportunity for a candidate who has strong Software Engineering credentials with a goal of increasing payment industry knowledge and experience.  What would a successful candidate need?  Basic Qualifications:

 Excellent communication skills, with examples of influencing, listening actively and negotiating within a team environment to effectively advocate for Software Engineering best practice within the department and communicate design decisions effectively
 Extensive relevant work experience in electronic payment systems development desirable
 Positive attitude, friendly to others, encouraging of co-operation, honesty, and respectfulness in the workplace
 Collaborative mindset, with an ability to empathise with colleagues and establish relationships
 Willingness to develop extensive payments industry and authorisation specific business knowledge and understanding

 Additional Information
 
 Visa is an EEO Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.
