Graduate Junior Software Developer | Middlesborough; TS2 1PS | £25,000 - £27,500.00 per year | Core working hours are 9am to 5.30pm
Bulkhaul Limited provide a global service for the distribution of bulk liquids and powders and has representation in over 100 countries worldwide. The operation is controlled from our corporate headquarters in Middlesbrough, supported by Bulkhaul offices strategically located in United States, Japan, Singapore, Korea, Brazil, Belgium, and Germany.
Our reputation as a trusted logistics partner is built on the quality of our Operations procedures and personnel, with key support from in-house IT development. The responsive and fast-moving nature of the business demands dynamic support from the IT Department and the timely deployment of robust business-focused solutions.
As a Junior Software Developer, you will support the development team in building and maintaining in house systems for the organisation. You will be involved in support and troubleshooting, coding, testing, implementation, and documentation of solutions.
You will work closely with Senior Developers, customers, and colleagues within Bulkhaul, Business Partners and other strategic business areas and working groups.
The successful candidate will earn a fantastic basic salary of £25,000 - £27,500 per year, depending on qualifications, skills and experience.
Are you the right person for us?

Own transport is recommended due to location
Experience not essential but would be beneficial in some of the followingProgramming experience using Java

Familiarity with the wider Java ecosystem, Spring, OSGi, LinuxSolution design experienceSelf-motivated with ability to prioritise, organise and manage own workloadStrong written and oral communication skills
What can Bulkhaul Limited give to you?

Private Health Cover
Pension Scheme
Life Insurance
25 days holiday per annum plus all statutory bank holidays

Bulkhaul Limited are proud to be an active member of the Disability Confident Employer scheme. Disability Confident is creating a movement of change, encouraging employers to think differently about disability and take action to improve how they recruit, retain and develop disabled people.
If you are ready to start your career with Bulkhaul Limited, then click APPLY now! We can’t wait to hear from you!
Bulkhaul Limited works with third party employment agencies. Once you have submitted your application it will be passed to the third party Recruiter who is responsible for processing your application. This will include holding and sharing your personal data, our legal basis for this is legitimate interest subject to your declared interest in a job. Our privacy policy can be found on our website and we can be contacted to confirm who your application has been forwarded to.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Work Location: In person
Reference ID: BLKH-273