Location: We operate a hybrid working model and fully support flexibility with colleagues already based across the UK working from home and linked to one of our core locations in Newport, London, Titchfield (Fareham), Manchester, Edinburgh or Darlington.
Salary: £31,055 - £35,286 (London: £34,055 - £38,331)
Working Patterns: All our vacancies are offered as a flexible option of Full time, Part time, Flexible working, Job Share or Compressed Hours
Closing Date: 11:55 pm on Tuesday 16th May 2023
NOTE: To be considered for the role you MUST complete the application process on Civil Service Jobs. Indeed applications alone will NOT put you in contention.
We are looking for someone with programming & scripting ability to join our Blaise team, within the Social Survey Operations Division.
You will utilise programming and scripting skills to participate in the transformation journey that Social Survey Operations has embarked upon, where you will work in collaboration with other members of the team to resolve issues and provide solutions.
Blaise Programming Language is bespoke software provided by Statistics Netherlands, and underpins our Social Surveys. Our team develop a number of social surveys whose outputs feed into UK Official Statistics, making this is great opportunity to be involved in the process of producing statistics for the UK government which impact society and policy decision making.
For this role, we do not expect you to have experience in Blaise, we will develop you to work with Blaise itself.
You will have an understanding of User Experience analysis & principles, and comfortable focusing on user needs. You'll be happy liaising with a range of stakeholders across the organisation, and managing conflicting priorities.
As someone with coding/scripting experience, you'll be comfortable designing, coding, testing, correcting & documenting our surveys - initially under direction of others - using the right standards and tools.
To be sent the link to apply, as well as full details on the role, candidate & benefits pack, click apply!
In return we offer you:
✔Hybrid working in an organisation voted top in the UK for work-life balance
✔A market leading pension scheme - our employer contribution rate is around 27%
✔A choice of working patterns *for every role*: full-time, part-time, job-share, compressed hours.
✔Maternity, adoption or shared parental leave of 26 weeks full pay (subject to qualifying criteria)
✔Upskilling Opportunities - Staff development is taken seriously with your right to learn protected and invested in through courses, certifications and e-learning provided or paid for by ONS!
✔Employee Assistance Programmes
✔Diversity Network Groups
✔Mental Health Allies
✔Civil Service Sports and Social club
✔Generous holiday allowance – 25 days annual leave, rising to 30 days after 5 years service in addition to 9 public holidays
✔25 days annual leave, rising to 30 days after 5 years service in addition to 9 public holidays
To be sent the link to apply, as well as full details on the role, candidate & benefits pack, click apply!
NOTE: To be considered for the role you MUST complete the application process on Civil Service Jobs. Indeed applications alone will NOT put you in contention.
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time
Salary: £34,055.00-£38,331.00 per year
Schedule:

Day shift
Monday to Friday
No weekends

Work Location: Hybrid remote in London, SW1P 4DF
Application deadline: 16/05/2023Reference ID: 283074