SAI services’ develops the SAS (Software As a Service) products which helps our clients to position themselves at the forefront of modern technology. Along with the Artificial Intelligence, SAI are going to make use of Machine Learning, Artificial Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR). Our goal is to help clients build their software products and digital presence in the sectors of E-commerce, Social Media and Digital Advertising.
As the Software Engineer, you’ll be responsible for:

Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility
Integrate software components into a fully functional software system
Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures
Create required codes using the most effective tools, applications, and other resources and keep them confidential.
Recruit, train, and mentor the project staff working below them.
Stay updated with the prevalent technologies and trends.
Develop the software architecture based on the requirements of the client or the company.
Utilizing programming skills in MySQL, HTML, PHP, etc.
Develop a reporting system with the help of Python.
Use agile methodologies.
Complete documentation of the developed software and run significant tests while adhering to the project's timelines.
Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing systems
Comply with project plans and industry standards

Key Skills:

Teamworking skills, as engineers will need to work with colleagues from all the other roles in the development process
Problem-solving skills and the ability to ‘troubleshoot’ issues
Good analytical skills
Communication skills, including the ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders
Resilience and the ability to adapt to different situations.
Ability to develop software in Java, Ruby on Rails, C++ or other programming languages
Excellent knowledge of relational databases, SQL and ORM technologies (JPA2, Hibernate)Good interpersonal and relationship building skills
Ability to translate financial information to operational teams
Continuous improvement ‘mind set’ with the ability to proactively identify and resolve issues using innovation
Ability to multi-task, work accurately at speed and under pressure
Customer focused demonstrating customer first behaviours

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £27,000.00-£35,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company pension
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote