

  FNZ provides software and consultancy services to the financial services and wealth management industry. Developers are the essential part to develop and maintain current and exciting new applications supporting the financial industry. Within this role you’ll be involved in software support and development projects of varying size and complexity, working with our clients to provide them with new and innovative software solutions that help them to successfully meet their business goals.
 


   Main Tasks and Responsibilities
 

   The Trainee Developer is responsible for the successful delivery of solution development activities allocated to them.
 


   Responsibilities
 

Develop solutions based on Solutions Architect/Senior Developer technical designs.
Collaborate with the Solutions Architect/Senior Developer when challenges are encountered during the build that impact the design.
Ensure the development meets the FNZ coding standards and code reviews of solutions are performed.
Execute Unit Tests to validate the technical design, functional design and business requirements.
Ensure documentation is maintained in accordance with established standards.
Work with the Testing teams to ensure an understanding of solutions and testing requirements.
Investigate and diagnose support issues with assistance from more experienced developers, in the technology of their expertise.
Coordinate with the implementation/release team during projects and small changes.
Provide feedback on project and support work to help contribute to the continuous improvement of the team and FNZ.



   Essential Education
 

Degree educated in a technical subject (e.g. Physics, Mathematics or Engineering).



   Non-Essential Experience
 

Software development experience
Customer facing experience
Previous work experience



   Personal Behaviors
 

Able to make logical decisions
Lead by example
Act with honesty and Integrity
Trust colleagues to make decisions
Work with others to accomplish results
Communicate with positive intent
Make time to help and support colleagues
Share information openly and proactively
Prepared to go the extra mile
Demonstrate humility
Open about making mistakes and able to learn from them
Personally accountable for successful outcomes
Strive to be the best – average isn’t an option
Apply continuous improvement to deliver repeatable results
Flexibility in thinking, reasoning and problem solving

