

  We believe in better. And we make it happen.
 

   Better content. Better products. And better careers.
 

   Working in Tech, Product or Data at Sky is about building the next and the new. From broadband to broadcast, streaming to mobile, SkyQ to Sky Glass, we never stand still. We optimise and innovate.
 

   We turn big ideas into the products, content and services millions of people love.
 

   And we do it all right here at Sky.
 


   What you'll do
 



     Work with the Senior Engineering Manager to assess new work and future needs of the business.
   


     Be a point of escalation for all stream aligned teams to advise on sophisticated coding solutions and offer direct assistance where required and appropriate.
   


     Undertake appropriate and effective R&D to seek improvements and optimisation of OMS toolsets and solutions.
   


     Become the primary Authority for the OMS Products within Origination & Distribution, and a key point of contact for providing software expertise & knowledge !
   


     Ensure consistent & appropriate quality of OMS Products across all Platforms.
   


     Drive improvements in automated tests and validation across OMS platforms.
   



   What you'll bring
 



     Ideally have a degree in Computer Science or STEM/Data Engineering subject with a strong interest in programmatic solutions. In lieu of formal qualification, a suitable level of proven industry experience could be accepted.
   


     Several years of appropriate industry experience demonstrating deep technical capability with relevant domain knowledge.
   


     Software development experience using C# .NET. The language of choice for this role !
   


     Appreciation of automated software testing.
   


     Ability to Lead and Mentor others.
   


     A passion to champion cloud-based solutions using CICD pipelines to iterate fast on delivery, seeking valuable feedback to learn from each iteration.
   



   Team overview
 


   We’re the Product Hub. We’re the team behind your favourite Sky products, and the platforms that power them. We make every moment magical, everywhere. Our team is made up of self-motivated, big thinkers who have an interest in solving problems and find new ways to captivate millions of customers by putting them at the heart of everything we do. From Sky Glass, Sky Q, Peacock and NOW to news and sports apps, we make entertainment even better, and we can’t wait to get started on what’s next.
 

   Content technology and innovation
 

   Our Content Technology and Innovation team delivers high-quality content to homes, customer devices, businesses and commercial partners across our European markets. With over 2500 colleagues from around the world, we combine our strategic insights, engineering know-how and operational excellence to use the most innovative technologies to create and distribute our award-winning content.
 


   The rewards
 

   There's one thing people can't stop talking about when it comes to #LifeAtSky: the perks. Here’s a taster:
 



     Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
   


     The magic of Sky Glass at an exclusive rate
   


     A generous pension package
   


     Private healthcare
   


     Discounted mobile and broadband
   


     A wide range of Sky VIP rewards and experiences
   



   Inclusion & how you'll work
 

   Recognised by The Times and Stonewall, we take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion. Investing in society, fighting racial injustice and setting ambitious targets for representation at Sky.
 

   We’ve embraced hybrid working and split our time between unique office spaces and the convenience of working from home. You’ll find out more about what hybrid working looks like for your role later on in the recruitment process.
 


   Your office space
 

   Osterley
 

   Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There are also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
 

   On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed, and even get pampered at our beauty salon.
 

   in shape at our onsite gym – or play a game of pool or table tennis.
 


   We'd love to hear from you
 

   Inventive, forward-thinking minds come together to work in Tech, Product and Data at Sky. It’s a place where you can explore what if, how far, and what next.
 

   But better doesn’t stop at what we do, it’s how we do it, too. We embrace each other’s differences. We support our community and contribute to a sustainable future for our business and the planet.
 

   If you believe in better, we’ll back you all the way.
 

   Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.
 

