
Introduction


Are you looking to go into a workplace again? Enjoy being around people 5 days a week on site and socialising with the people you work around? Then this client is perfect for you!
 Our client is looking for a keen and enthusiastic JavaScript Developer who is excited to get into the Big Data world!
 Our client helps provide services for the UK’s national infrastructure, ensuring the UK continuously runs smoothly and effectively!
 Join a sub team of 4 individuals working within the Capability Development!
 In this role you will be a key driver in improving our customer’s cyber capability. The customer will look to you as a technical expert for a range of activities and you will have the opportunity to develop your skills in many areas. You will be a self-motivated individual, with the ability to make changes that improve our services and will be involved in short-, medium- and long-term strategy for this customer and wider our client’s security policy.


Key responsibilities



A core aspect of this will developing Kibana Plugins using JavaScript frameworks to extend / enhance Kibana and Elastic Search.
Front-End development in Angular or React JavaScript Frameworks and Back-End development in node.js.
Understand data ingested into the Cyber Platform.
Mixture of configuring and modifying processing tooling to optimise the platform and introduce new data types and being able to perform Protocol Analysis.
Use Logstash, Elastic Search, Suricata (Snort, Yara rules), Wireshark, Kafka, with opportunities to learn or utilise network protocols skills, programming skills (C, Ruby, Bash) and Cyber Security Skills.
Working with Platform sub teams to introduce new technologies to allow continuous development, maintenance, and enhancement.
Directly engaging with a remote team of end users / analysts to discuss and capture requirements.



Skills & experience



Preferably knowledge of at least one of React, Angular, Node Frameworks.
Being able to enhance existing JavaScript legacy tooling and develop new tooling.
Develop solutions.
Can work independently on technical implementation once requirements understood.
Sharing best practises and coaching less experienced JavaScript programmers.

The client would also like to see some of the below, but this is not essential:

DevOps Big Data platforms.
Kibana, use of queries and some plugin creation.
Elasticsearch, working with large datasets.
Logstash, management, configuration, and improvements.
Git for software development and repositories.
Continuous Integration tooling.
Platform automation and deployment – Puppet / Foreman / Docker Kubernetes Orchestration tools such as Puppet and Foreman.
Data streaming technologies such as Kafka.
Networking and Protocol Analysis.



Additional benefits



Flexible Benefits Scheme
Private Medical Cover
Dental Insurance
Health Assessment
Critical Illness Cover
Additional Holiday
Life Cover
Bonus sacrifice – pay amount of Bonus into Pension
Legal Protection Insurance
Give As You Earn (GAYE)
Pension
Cycle to Work Scheme
Saveshare Scheme
Technology Benefits
Holidays

Our client is committed to providing a diverse and inclusive workplace and welcomes applications from all backgrounds. 
RECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we'd like to recognise your recommendations with a 'thank you' of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you £250 of Love to Shop Gift Vouchers!
 You will be required to hold a minimum of DV Clearance. If you do not hold an active DV clearance, please familiarise yourself with the vetting process before applying.
 (c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2022.


