
Dr. Martens is a globally famous and culturally influential British brand with over 60 years of heritage. Our products have become cultural icons, instantly recognisable and with timeless appeal, which is still relevant to consumers all across the world today.

 As brand custodians, we are lucky to work for a dynamic, thriving, and ethical business, with people from diverse backgrounds, who bring their true selves to work, and where anyone can grow their career. Do you have what it takes?

 Front End Developer 

THE GIG

 Dr. Martens is looking for a talented and enthusiastic Junior Front-End Developer to help with their program of work in the digital space. Specifically, e-commerce projects and enhancements with a strong focus on customer. We are looking for a detail-oriented person with a passion for developing great front-end experiences.

 THE STUFF THAT SETS YOU APART

 Responsibilities

 Work with other front-end developers on upcoming enhancements and projects across the portfolio of work.
 Handling multiple projects, transforming complex layout design files (Sketch, XD) into pixel-perfect web journeys.
 Implement and manage UX driven A/B tests
 Be able to translate UI/UX design wireframes to actual code, bridging the gap between graphical design and technical implementation.
 Using your strong working knowledge of responsive mobile first design techniques to align high fidelity online experiences.


 Essential Experience & Knowledge

 Demonstrate previous experience as a front-end developer, on personal or professional projects
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3
 Experience with CSS pre-processors such as SASS and/or LESS is a plus
 Responsive web design and cross-browser compatibility
 Mobile first mindset
 Have excellent communication/collaboration and problem-solving skills
 Experience with version control such as GIT
 Working understanding of Google Optimize or similar programme is a plus
 Working experience with agile methodologies is a plus
 Familiarity with the Atlassian suite including Jira and Confluence is a plus


 YOUR FUNDAMENTAL QUALITIES

 You’ll be an Integral member of the team and should have the ability to communicate ideas and limitations of potential designs effectively and early on in the ideation process right through to testing and deployment. You’ve got a user-centric mindset and strive to deliver a best-in-class outcome for the customer. You’re highly collaborative and know how to keep the team safe and moving forward but also pragmatic enough to know when changing course will result in better results. You have a passion for all things web and a strong focus on attention to detail.

 WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU?

 Welcome to the family free pair of docs
 65% off all docs
 A dedicated culture team focusing on wellness and charity.
 2 paid volunteer days per year
 Private healthcare


 Are you ready to fill your boots? Apply now.

 At Dr. Martens, we are committed to creating an environment in which we can all be our best and bring our authentic selves to work. We encourage applications, regardless of race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, veteran status, or disability. Diverse and inclusive teams have a positive impact on our brand; helping us to speak authentically to our consumers.

 We strive to develop a business where our people can thrive and feel empowered to express themselves. Because we believe everyone should feel supported and included whatever their role in the Dr. Martens community.


   #LI-RC1
 
