
Sytner Group is seeking a talented software engineer to join our team. As a software engineer, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining software solutions that drive our business forward.
 This is an exciting time in Sytner's software journey and we have multiple upcoming projects ranging from a new generation of responsive websites to micro-service based solutions and mobile applications. As well as new projects, we enhancing and maintain our existing portfolio of software applications to ensure that they continue to deliver a great experience to the thousands of users in our dealerships and beyond.
 If you’d like to be a part of the journey, let us know.
 Skills

C# ASP.Net MVC (4+/Core)
Entity Framework (or similar ORM)
JQuery, AJAX, HTML and CSS
Service Oriented or Micro-service architectures
Git and Continuous Delivery systems an advantage
Ability to interact and communicate effectively with all levels of staff.
Experience working in an Agile or Lean environment

Key Responsibilities

Engage with Business Analysts to refine the business requirements for applications and projects.
Develop, document, and automate tests according to acceptance criteria.
Develop, support and maintain existing in-house systems.
Keep abreast of technical and industry developments and ensure existing systems are kept up to date with latest development frameworks and server technologies
Work effectively driven within a team environment, contributing and implementing standards and processes.

Current Technologies and Initiatives:

ASP.Net Core 2.0
MVC and Single Page Web Applications
ASP.NET Web API
Mobile Application Development
Automated Builds and Unit Testing
Automated UI and API testing
Docker and Kubernetes
Azure Web Apps, Azure AD and Cosmos DB
Micro-service Oriented Architecture

Why Sytner?
 Sytner Group are delighted to provide an industry-leading benefits package.
 We are passionate about continuous improvement and building an environment where everyone feels valued, appreciated and able to reach their full potential.

Enhanced Holiday Entitlement – 33 days inc. bank holidays
Industry-leading Maternity, Paternity and Adoption Pay
Career Development
Recognition of Long Service every 5 years
Discounted Car Schemes
High Street Discounts
Discounted Gym memberships
Cycle to work scheme
One day a year paid voluntary / community work
Business social events

At Sytner, our values and the way we behave are important to us. We have a working environment where we value and respect every individual's unique contribution, supporting our colleagues to thrive and achieve their full potential.
 We are committed to creating an equitable environment and welcome applications from individuals, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, socio-economic background, religion and/or belief.
 As part of our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion, you have the right to ask for changes / adjustments to job interviews and the recruitment process.
 For more information around reasonable adjustments and the recruitment process please click here.
 Unsure? Read on…
 We represent over 23 of the world's most prestige vehicle brands, across our 140 UK dealerships.

   We pride ourselves on ‘Developing Talent and ‘Building Careers’ and our colleagues recently scored Sytner Group an outstanding 89% on our colleague engagement survey.
 
