
Graduate Developer
Canopius is seeking a highly motivated and technical graduate to assist in the development of the technology stack for the Catastrophe Management Team (CAT). The candidate must have a passion to improve processes, architecture, and the implementation of new technologies
This exciting role is working within a growing team of developers through continuous and agile delivery of new software applications and enhancing the existing suite. Working within the CAT team offers the chance to work with a breadth of technology. This could be integrating third-party APIs and mapping software, developing dashboards to visualise data, or creating internal workflows to automate data processing.
The role is 80% development and 20% support, with the technology stack primarily MS, using C# .NET and T-SQL. The role offers the candidate the opportunity to develop across a full stack of technologies and work closely with business users, gaining a highly desirable combination of skills and experience.

Assist in the development and maintenance of applications within the CAT business area.
Work with senior developers in the CAT team to improve product functionality.
Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages (C#).
Improve database performance by enhancing stored procedures and views (T-SQL).
Integrate in-house applications with 3rd party systems.
Work with application business owners to capture and understand requirements.
Plan, write, maintain, and test code for applications and platforms
Participating in code reviews and quality assurance activities.
Work within Azure DevOps using GIT, Pipelines and Artifacts.

Essential:

BSc degree in numerate discipline preferred (Maths, Computer Science, Natural Sciences, Engineering).
Familiarity with object-orientated programming concepts (ASP.NET development,, C#).
Familiar with database design and development (Microsoft SQL Server).
Knowledge of design and consumption of API technologies.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong analytical skills.
Highly developed attention to detail.
Ability to work well in a team environment.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Demonstrable experience in creative business problem-solving.


 Desirable:

Knowledge of insurance terms and business practices
Experience in developing code within the Catastrophe management function.
Experience with RMS.
Experience with ArcGIS.
Knowledge of Python.

