
 Ultra Sonar Systems offers a two-year graduate scheme in Software Engineering. Our structured programmes give you the opportunity to design solutions and solving problems on our diverse range of projects and programmes.
 
 During the scheme, you will complete a number of placements around the business, designed to be flexible to support your career objectives and development. These placements will give you the chance to utilise and build your skills across the engineering disciplines as well as gain knowledge of the wider business, such as Project Management, Sales and Marketing, Commercial and Operations.
 

   Wherever possible, we will consider a variety of working options to suit your lifestyle, whether that be hybrid home/office working, flexible working and part or full time employment. It's the 'innovating' and 'empowering' values that we ASPIRE to be. We welcome the challenge to work in new ways and have trust in you when getting the job done because we recognise, our business is our people.
 


   You should be expecting at least a 2.1 level bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, Physics or Maths. Masters and PhD candidates equally welcome. Any previous work experience such as internships or work placements is likely to be a bonus.
 


   You need the ability to gain security clearance at SC level.
 


   A sample of the activities typically undertaken within each function is given below:
 

 Software


 Programming of software in high level commonly used languages (e.g. C, C++, Java, HTML, C#, Python, QT).
 Development of unit test frameworks and implementation of automated unit testing.
 Production of formal software documentation throughout the whole lifecycle (planning, design, test, transition, manuals, etc.)



   During the graduate scheme, you will progress your engineering competence and will have the opportunity to work towards Chartered Engineer status. At all times throughout the scheme, we will provide you with excellent support, including providing you with a mentor and coaching during each placement by senior team members.
 


   At Ultra, we are committed to supporting and developing future engineers and we have plenty of STEM & Outreach activities for you to get involved in, such as careers fairs, school or university talks, and paid volunteer days. These activities also bolster your communication and presentation skills aiding your progression to Chartered Engineer status. Ultra has a strong diversity, equality and inclusion programme so don’t worry about fitting in: we value you as you are.
 

   How do you find the hidden, detect the soundless, and see the invisible? How would you like to lead a team that develops and manufactures next-generation technologies and products that help find our nation’s stealthiest adversaries? Find out more about 
  
   what we do
   and 
  
   the people
   who currently help us succeed.
 


   Salary and Benefits
 

   You can expect a starting salary in the range of £27,000-£31,000 plus 6 monthly pay reviews.
 

   Every employee is critical to our success and as such we offer a range of flexible employee benefits along with career development opportunities.
 

 Flexible working within core working hours
 Optional 9 day fortnight working pattern
 25 days’ holiday with the option to buy/sell 5 days plus bank holidays.
 4 times your annual salary in life assurance
 Flexible benefits package (retail vouchers, gym discounts, employee share scheme, health screening and more)
 Pension Scheme - Less than 5 years’ service up to 5.5% employer contributions, 5 years’ service + up to 7.5% employer contributions.
 A confidential Employee Support Helpline



   Here at Ultra we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusivity. Underpinned by our values, behaviours and policies, we want you to feel empowered to be the best version of yourself. We also believe that people from different backgrounds and cultures will increase our diversity of thinking, ensuring we successfully deliver to our customers.
 


   We therefore do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We also support requests for flexible working arrangements wherever possible.
 
