


Software Developer Apprenticeship
 Hybrid – Expectation of once a week in Ansty, Coventry
 £21,028
 Looking to kick-start your career in software development? Cadent Gas is proud to offer a Software Developer Apprenticeship in our Technology Delivery department! As a Software Apprentice, you will work alongside experienced professionals to develop and maintain software systems that enable us to deliver safe and reliable gas to our customers. 
During your 24-month apprenticeship, you will have access to a comprehensive training and mentoring program led by experienced software developers. Through this program, you will develop your skills and knowledge in software development, testing, and implementation.
 You will gain hands-on experience and have the opportunity to work on real projects that make a meaningful impact your responsibilities will include designing, developing, and implementing software applications that meet the business and customer needs, testing and debugging software alongside maintaining existing applications. Additionally, you will collaborate with cross-functional teams such as product management, user experience, and quality assurance to ensure that software solutions meet the requirements of both the business and its customers.
 During the apprenticeship, you'll be assigned a mentor, attend training sessions, and have regular reviews to support your personal and professional development. You'll also work towards achieving a level 3 Software Development Technician qualification giving you a solid foundation to start your career.
 At Cadent Gas, we're committed to investing in our future talent and are looking for individuals who have a passion for learning, a strong work ethic, and the drive to succeed. Our apprenticeship programme will provide you with the opportunity to earn a nationally recognized qualification while gaining valuable hands-on experience giving you the opportunity to develop your skills and grow your career as a Software Developer Apprentice.
 Our commitment to investing in talent means that we're looking for individuals who are passionate about their career and willing to go the extra mile. As an apprentice, you'll have the chance to demonstrate your potential, make a difference to our customers, and contribute to our success.
 So if you're looking for a challenging and rewarding opportunity to start your career in business, apply now and take the first step towards a bright future with Cadent Gas. 
What you will bring
 We’re looking for people who act with pride, purpose, and ownership to join our Future professionals Programme, along with:

 Minimum of Maths and English GCSE grade C/4


 Willingness to learn & a thirst for knowledge


 Interest and passion in software development



 What’s In It For You
 Here at Cadent, we are committed to supporting our employees to get the best out of themselves. For this role we can offer:

 Funding and support towards your professional accreditation


 Ample opportunity for progression within the business


 Mentoring and guidance opportunities



 Benefits
 We offer a host of benefits to suit your lifestyle and support your well-being. These include:

 Pension Scheme double matched up to a total of 18% of salary (i.e., employee contributions of up to 6%, double matched by a Cadent contribution of up to 12%)


 25 days holiday, plus statutory days, and an option to buy more


 Fantastic career development prospects with funded learning options, including support with exams, and internal and external learning and development 


 Strong focus on supporting you as an individual including:


    o hybrid working 
  

   o flexible working
  

    o strong commitments to ED&I
  

    o generous family provision policies 
  

 Flexible benefits including cycle to work scheme, salary sacrifice car scheme, insurance, and healthcare packages, plus much more


 My Offers membership card – offering discounts and savings from hundreds of retailers


 2 paid volunteering days per year 


 Free gym access at the Ansty office, as well as a ‘Gympass’ scheme providing free or heavily subsidised local gym memberships 

We want our employees to achieve a healthy work-life balance and are happy to discuss flexible working options with you if the role can accommodate it. Let us know about your flexibility requirements, whether that be reduced hours, remote working, flexible start/finish times, or compressed hours, and we will be more than happy to explore what’s possible for the role.


 About Us
 At Cadent we’re excited to be part of the future of UK energy! We’ve got a clear roadmap that will drive our performance to the forefront of our industry and support the UK government in achieving its net zero targets by 2050.
 We’re making a difference through innovation and new ways of working. Together we’re shaping a cleaner, greener future for our 11 million customers whom we put at the heart of everything we do.


 Diversity and Inclusion Don’t meet every single requirement listed? 
Understanding, learning, and celebrating what makes us different, as well as what we have in common, is good for us as individuals and enables us to work better together as one team. Cadent is committed to being an equitable and diverse employer that fosters an inclusive culture for all our employees, therefore, all our employment decisions are assessed based on qualifications, merit, and business need. So, if you’re excited about this opportunity but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification mentioned, we would still love for you to submit your application – You may just be the right person for this role or other opportunities at Cadent.
 As a recognised Disability Confident Employer, we are proud to champion inclusion in the workplace and ensure to provide an environment that is accessible to all and supports individuals throughout their journey with Cadent. Please let us know if you require any reasonable adjustments during the application process. 
We place great importance on equity, diversity and inclusion, and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Our employee communities Women in Cadent, Pride at Work (LGBTQ+), Embrace (ethnicity and religion), Thrive! (disability) and the Cadent Military Community can’t wait to welcome you!   
Circle Back Initiative
 As an active and proud member of The Circle Back Initiative, we aim to ensure that all candidates receive a response to their application, regardless of the outcome. 
We will be receiving applications until the specified date above, though Cadent retains the right to close this vacancy early without prior notification, so it is advisable to complete your application at your earliest convenience. 
 Be part of something big. Help shape the future of gas for generations to come.


