
#BelongWithUs
Come and join us as a Software Engineer with a focus on Universe Multi-Value and join our growing Software Development team to evolve the way we interact and engage with our customers.
 The Role:
As our Software Engineer you’ll be part of the team of Software Engineers that analyse user stories and create software that meets our business needs. The Software Engineer will be part of our growing Software Development team to evolve the way we interact and engage with our customers. As a Software Engineer, you’ll create software that meets our business needs in line with quality, costs and time constraints. The Software Engineer will work either as part of a Scrum Team working to agile methodologies or working to Kanban practices within a team lead by a Development Manager
 Key Responsibilities

Implement quality software to solve business requirements, ensuring the code is highly testable and maintainable.
Work with Product Owners and business facing colleagues to elicit the requirements.
Support the Scrum Master to understand and act on scrum metrics and retrospective feedback to maintain and continuously improve the performance of the team
Mentor and coach less experienced members of the team to help build their skills and confidence
Provide technical guidance and ensure that quality, standards and best practice are adhered to.
Be an active participant in all the Scrum Ceremonies, be enthusiastic and ensure that communication is clear to all stakeholders present
Proactively develop skills as required to support changes in technology and for personal development

This is a remote-based role with quarterly travel to Team meetings. You should be based in the UK and our Head Office is based in Crick, Northamptonshire
 You:
You’ll live and breathe our Customer First ethos, with an innovative and agile approach to problem-solving. You’ll enjoy working collaboratively with the wider IT team and you’ll thrive on delivering excellent data delivery.
 Skills and competencies

Previous experience working within Software Development
Experience of Universe or similar multi-value experience
Understanding of full software development lifecycle
Experience of Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Iterative are beneficial
Great self-initiative and excellent communication

It is highly likely you will have worked in any of the following roles and/or markets, and worked with the following products and/or services: Agile, Coding, Construction, Data Analysis, Database Analyst, Google Big Query, Google Cloud Platform, Google, IT Lifecycle, Java, Looker, Retail, SQL, Scrum, Software Development, Software Engineer, Software Engineering, Universe Multi-Value.
 Us:
From boilers to bathroom suites, tubing to towel rails and everything in between, City Plumbing has all the products our customers need to complete the job. And we have all you need to build a successful career! We’re proud of our reputation for selling quality plumbing and heating products to both trade and retail customers and we’re super excited about our future. We put our colleagues at the heart of all we do, giving them all the tools they need to be successful, happy and feel rewarded in their career with us.
 Benefits Package and Cultural Environment:

Bonus
Discounts, savings and cash back at numerous retailers
Savings on driving lessons, phone bills, gym memberships as well as further benefits
Life assurance
Extended family policy including maternity, paternity, additional annual leave and more
Mental Health First Aiders and Employee Assistance Programme, we look out for each other
Complete induction and a company that lets you grow and encourages development
Financial education and loans
Flexible working options
A business striving to create an environment of inclusion so everyone can be their true self
And more!

#BelongWithUs 
We’re passionate about creating an inclusive workplace that celebrates and values diversity. Bring your whole self to work regardless of age, disability, gender identity or reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, sex or sexual orientation. We don’t want you to ‘fit’ our culture, we want you to enrich it.
We are committed to best practices in recruitment and undertake Basic Criminal Record Disclosures for candidates that are offered employment within our branches that undertake deliveries for British Gas. This check will only be undertaken after the acceptance of an offer of employment.
