
Software engineer (UK, remote, circa £50-55k plus share options)
Verna is a green-tech start-up, with a rapidly expanding customer base and over £2m in growth funding from private investors and the UK Government. We use software and data science to help people manage land in the best way for the environment – drawing down carbon and enhancing biodiversity, whilst making sustainable returns.
We are looking for an experienced software engineer to join our product development team, where we are building a platform for land managers, investors, and policymakers to achieve the best carbon, biodiversity, and other environmental outcomes.
We're seeking talented, flexible, creative engineers who are happy to get stuck in to all aspects of developing compelling user experiences, from front-end UI engineering to server-side request handling. We're still at the early stages of building out our product offering, so this is a chance to join a small focussed team, and to have a significant impact on the design and engineering of our codebase.
This is an opportunity to be an early team member at a fast-growing start-up, aiming to change humanity's relationship with the natural environment and make a global contribution to tackling the climate and nature crises. Your compensation will include share options, enabling you to share in the company's success.
Like ecosystems, teams are more vibrant, innovative, and resilient when they are more diverse. We welcome applications from everyone, and particularly people from under-represented groups of every kind.
Your day-to-day
This is a hands-on role, so you should expect your primary activity to be delivering good, clean, well-tested code. You'll be working closely with a small software team including the CTO, so there will be plenty of opportunity to give and receive feedback on the work the team is doing. We believe that well-informed teams deliver better product, so you'll be invited to take part in meetings with customers and other stakeholders, to hear their concerns and ideas first-hand.
We're currently a fully remote team, and expect to stay that way for the foreseeable future. To foster good communications and team building we get together in person roughly monthly, at a mutually convenient location in the UK (often, but not always, London). We're flexible about where you live, but this role is primarily suited to people who live in the UK. Our team currently is currently spread across southern England, and up to south-east Scotland!
Our tech stack
While we've made some choices on our tech stack, there are still plenty of chances to suggest and explore innovations. At the moment, we're using:

Elixir Phoenix LiveView for the core of the web application
TypeScript to supplement the front-end user experience beyond LiveView
RDF/OWLfor the knowledge graph
PostgreSQL, with PostGIS for geo-spatial analytics and querying
Go for off-line data engineering

About you
The skills listed below relate to the shape of the product we're building, and the technology we're currently using. But we believe that an open mind and ability to learn are more important than necessarily checking-off every bullet point in the list. So please consider applying even if you can't tick all of the boxes yet!
Technical skills

You value clean well-structured code – including tests
You can think, design and problem-solve at the system level
You enjoy creating clean, compelling user interaction experiences using web technologies
You understand and value web accessibility and full compliance with WCAG
You understand the need to make software conform to principles of security, privacy, observability and maintainability
Experience with any of: Elixir, BEAM/OTP, LiveView, Go, Typescript, PostgreSQL, RDF/OWL, geo-spatial data analysis, data visualization, responsive design

Ways of working

You share our mission to help to address the climate and biodiversity crises through enabling and encouraging better use of land resources
You are happy to both give and receive feedback on the teams' work
You're a clear communicator and are fluent in English. You believe in the value of good communications, both written and verbal
You understand that building great software is a team effort; you can show how you've helped teams to grow and become more effective over time
You share our belief that more diverse teams create better outcomes
Any awareness of ecology, land management, or biodiversity practices, including biodiversity net gain, is a bonus

What will success look like?
We're working closely with a number of pilot users building our next product, and we've identified some clear priorities to help our customers succeed. You'll help to make that happen, and help to make the key decisions that will enable us to get there. You'll write software that will help our users to have a real-world impact on some of the most pressing problems facing our planet. You'll listen to feedback from our users, and help to iterate the product to improve the user experience.
How to apply
To schedule an informal chat about the role, Verna's plans, and whether you might be interested in joining us, email our CTO Ian Dickinson (ian.dickinson at verna.earth).
To apply for the role, please apply via Breezy (there's a button at the top of this page) providing:

Your CV.
A short covering note that explains why you are interested in the role and how you think you'll fit with our team and goals.

The interview process will include:

a one-to-one interview with the CTO
a technical interview, including a review of a sample of your code (or, if you prefer, a short take-home coding challenge)
interview with the senior leadership team

We will consider applications and interview candidates on a rolling basis, until the role is filled.
 Recruitment Agencies We are not working with any agencies or recruiting partners at the moment.
