
Are you a tech enthusiast with a thirst for learning, eager to launch your IT career even without professional experience? Seize this opportunity to join our dynamic Information Services team at Development and Alumni Relations at the University of Cambridge as a Junior Software Developer. 
In this role, you will practise the fundamentals of software development while collaborating with our expert technical team to design and implement innovative solutions. You'll be working on our fundraising and alumni relations CRM systems, with a strong focus on SQL, and our websites and applications which use Drupal, PHP, React amongst other technologies and frameworks. Assisting users with a range of technical services and integrations, this role offers you the perfect launchpad for a diverse and thrilling career in the tech industry. 
As you work closely with users and business managers, your innate critical thinking capabilities and robust investigative techniques will help you investigate incidents and address user concerns. If you excel at breaking down elaborate ideas and take a proactive approach, we are eager to hear from you. 
Our office is centrally located at Quayside in Cambridge, where you will work for a minimum of three days per week, with the option to work from home for one or two days. 
The appointment salary will be up to £35,308, with future salary progression to the top of Grade 7.
Applications are welcome from internal candidates for a 12-month secondment (the internal promotions policy will apply). There is also the possibility of becoming permanent for an outstanding candidate.
Please ensure that you upload your Curriculum Vitae (CV) and a covering letter outlining your suitability for the role in the Upload section of the online application. 
Click the 'Apply' button below to register an account with our recruitment system (if you have not already) and apply online.
Closing date for this position is Sunday 14th May 2023. 
Shortlisted candidates will take an online aptitude test during the week commencing 15th May.
First round interviews for this position are anticipated to take place on the week commencing 1st and 2nd June 2023 
Please quote reference DH36059 on your application and in any correspondence about this vacancy.
The University actively supports equality, diversity and inclusion and encourages applications from all sections of society.
The University has a responsibility to ensure that all employees are eligible to live and work in the UK.
