
ABOUT US
 Founded in 2016, Enfuce has become one of Europe’s leading payment processors that delivers cutting edge debit, prepaid, and credit card solutions across Europe and scaling globally, with offices in Finland, Germany, Latvia, Sweden, and the UK. With Enfuce card solutions, traditional banks, neobanks, and fintechs can create next-level payment experiences for their end users now and into the future.
 Enfuce has raised a total of €62 million in several funding rounds and been awarded with recognitions like the Visa Fintech Fast Track programme, Mastercard Lighthouse Development Programme, and 2019 PayTech Award for Best Payments solution for Payment Systems in the Cloud.
 To reach our ambitious goals and become the World’s Number One payment provider, we need you to join us as our Software Engineer.
 THE ROLE AND THE TEAM
 At Enfuce, as a Software Engineer you will join one of our five development teams that develops and maintains our software as well as our infrastructure. 
You'll definitely succeed in this role by being curious, persistent and logical – a true techie who enjoys living by the code of your craft by developing elegant solutions for complex problems. If this sounds like you, then this is the perfect opportunity to join us! 
YOUR DAY TO DAY:

 Develops and maintains our software as well as our infrastructure
 Exploring new technologies as we want to find the best solution to fulfil the need
 Working on everything from Linux and Windows, Oracle databases, Java code to python scripts. What you will be working on depends on your skills and your will to learn new and the latest things
 Natural curiosity for thinking in systems and logical problem solving
 Agile mindset (understanding and interest towards agile principles)
 Willingness to take responsibility and ownership of your work
 A team player with good communication skills

 WHAT WE LOOK FOR:
 

Experience with programming languages, i.e. Python/Java/Node.js 
Experience with Oracle Database
 Experience with AWS Tooling (Lambda, S3, Cloudformation, Fargate)
 You have strong experience working on the backend of a technology product
 You want to be involved in building a product that you (and the people you know) use every day
 You're comfortable working in a team that deals with ambiguity
 You're interested in distributed systems and writing resilient software

 WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU?

 An environment of continuous improvement where the teams work in agile ways and are free to make technical decisions on what technology best works to solve the problem at hand.
 A modern workplace where you get to work with the latest technologies in AWS and cloud-native tooling.
 A great opportunity to be a key player in making the change in the payment industry globally, with colleagues who are the best in the world in this field,
 Plenty of room for personal growth within the company.
 Along with salary and other perks & benefits, we offer ESOP – incentives to share the success.


 Our culture and leadership can be summed up as focused on ownership, responsibility and solution orientation. This is a permanent position located at either our Espoo or Mariehamn Office, or remotely if you are located elsewhere in Europe.
 HOW TO APPLY?
 If you feel you've got the attitude needed for the opportunity, we would absolutely love to hear from you.
 Just click "Apply for this job" and leave your information - we'll contact you!
 How we’re going to evaluate your application
 We will put emphasis on your previous track record, demonstrated skills with Software engineering, and your ability to show a solution-focused attitude. In the recruitment process we will value a show of attitude demonstrating respect for others, curiosity to learn more, and being accountable for your actions. A background check for employment is conducted for this role.
