

Top 50 Tech Start Up 
Growth/Huge Funding
 Package: £50,000 – £65,000 + benefits 
Office: London- Fully remote flexibility.

Do you have a Computer Science or Software Development related degree from a top tier UK based University?
Do you have experience with typescript, Python and AWS?
Do you want to work for an exciting Tech start-up who are responsible for a data visualisation platform that is changing the construction/civil engineering world forever?

We are excited to be working with an innovative Tech start-up who are responsible for a data visualisation platform that is changing the construction/civil engineering world forever! This fantastic business has doubled in size year on year and now has over 70 employees based in two countries.
 We are currently recruiting for a back-end developer to join a team of experienced developers to add value and give insight on design, development and application and enhance team performance to achieve on overall goals and team projects.
 Junior Back-End Developer – Job Accountabilities

Development of functionality to provide an API to process and interact with our data.
Work to integrate our APIs with those of external providers.
Contribute to the design of that functionality, focussing on making large, complex data sets accessible and easy to use.
Contribute to the Agile processes we use, helping us refine and improve how we work, helping to break down requirements into plans.
Contribute to technical standards across your team and the company.

Junior Back-End Developer – Experience Needed

2+ years commercial development experience including unit/automated testing.


Computer Science or Software Development related degree from a top tier UK based University.


Typescript skills, preferably using node.js
Experience with authoring/refactoring REST/OpenAPI/Swagger APIs.
Experience with NoSQL databases (mongoDB preferred)
Experience of IoT/sensor time series data in the cloud beneficial
AWS experience (S3, step functions, cloudfront) beneficial
Experience with containerisation/docker/kubernetes beneficial



Job Information


     Job Reference: YP000004_1635682941
   

     Salary: £50000 - £65000 per annum + Additional benefits 
   

    Salary From: £50000
   

     Salary To: £65000
   

     Job Industries: IT
   

     Job Locations: London
   

     Job Types: Permanent
   



