
 Overview: 
  Python Developers are required to join Wipro’s Global Energy practice. You will be part of the Energy Trading projects team that deliver key value add digital transformation solution to our top tier customers in the energy transition sector.

 Key accountabilities include:
  

Solution consultation and development in accordance to the enterprise technology principles, methods, standards, and practices. 
Estimation, solution design, detailed technical design, application technical deliverables including code, associated tests and documentation.
Contribution to functional excellence in terms of definition and maintenance of standards, methods and tools, bringing in best practices from market standard implementations.
Manage complex integration scenarios and interfaces between on-premise solutions, cloud and legacy systems.



 Skills and Experience required:
  

Experience of delivery within a banking or trading environment.
5+ years of relevant software development experience 
Creating applications and packages with Python 3
Writing reliable unit and end-to-end tests with PyTest
Experience working in fast- paced project delivery using AGILE methods
Strong software development skills, knowledge of best practices (SOLID, CI/CD, MS DevOps pipelines etc.)
MS Azure experience e.g. virtual networks, key vaults and storage, security
MS SQL backend development experience
 Desirable: 
  

Basic knowledge in numerical calculus, such as multi-dimensional function interpolation, numerical differentiation
Web development with Python
Hands on in ADF and Azure Databricks
Knowledge of physical commodities trading markets and organisations (esp. LNG/ gas/oil).
Data Engineering experience blended along with core software engineering experience
Experience of working directly with traders on trader models.
Kubernetes containers
Data manipulation with Pandas
Python: Bokeh visualization, Tornado web framework, asyncio programming, Azure Python API
Experience in developing API's in python using FastAPI
Hashicorp Terraforms (azurerm)
Kafka Confluent
Conda package management
ReactJS front end development experience
Basic understanding of the WebSockets protocol
Knowledge of the OAuth2 and web security
Basic knowledge of modern JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js




 Must be eligible to work in the UK.



 Location: UK/ London with the option for 2-3 days remote working
 


 What is in it for you?
 


 This is a lifetime opportunity to work with best if IT Talent and grow your skills multi-dimensionally. As well as developing leading products for the energy transition sector. If you are interested and meet the criteria required, then we at Wipro would like to see you CV.
 


 Wipro is ranked as a “Top Employer” as part of the Top Employer Institute annual listings. We were assessed on several key HR practices including Diversity and Inclusion.
 
