
JOB SUMMARY 
Silvaco is looking for a software engineer to join our Circuit Simulation group. You will contribute to SPICE simulation products, joining a geographically distributed team of highly skilled and experienced engineers. You will be helping our team achieve modern software development tools and methodologies to address architectural and programming challenges.
 
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES; include but not limited to:

 Designing and coding algorithms, data structures, parsers, and graphical user interfaces
 Implementing unit- and system-level tests
 Documenting new features for external use
 Supporting customers of our SPICE simulation products

 QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIRED EXPERIENCE

 BS or MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering
 Experience and understanding of circuit simulation or similar numerical algorithms
 Experience in performance analysis and tuning of software applications
 Proficiency in at least one of the following scripting languages: TCL, Python, Perl
 Strong computer science fundamentals
 Strong circuits theory fundamentals
 Strong Linux and scripting skills
 Proficiency in C and C++
 Excellent debugging skills
 Self-driven, committed, and motivated
 Fluent in English
 Good communication skills
 Displays strong analytical abilities both quantitative and qualitative.
 Excellent communication skills and the ability to interface with all levels of management.
 Relies on judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
 Performs a variety of complicated tasks - certain degree of creativity and latitude is required. 
A key requirement of this role is being the master of all details.
 Ability to handle matters with little supervision and with excellent follow up.
 A strong entrepreneurial and can-do mindset, undaunted by shifting priorities, uncertainty, and a figuring it out as we go environment.
 Enough courage to say I dont know.
 Experience in semiconductor industry preferred. 
Experience in international and remote team building preferred.


 PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

 Prolonged periods of sitting.
 Prolonged periods of typing
 Clarity of vision at approximately 20 inches or less (i.e., working with small objects or reading small print), including use of computers.
 Ability to lift (up) to 15 pounds at times.

 All Silvaco salary ranges are determined by role, level, and geographic location. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
 Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.
 COMPANY INFORMATION
 For over three decades, Silvaco, based in Silicon Valley, California and with global locations around the world has solved semiconductor design challenges by offering affordable and competitive TCAD (Technology Computer Aided Design) software, EDA (Electronic Design Automation) software, proven design IP (intellectual property), and world class support to engineers and researchers across the globe. Silvaco solutions span from atoms to systems: starting with simulation of material behavior impacting semiconductor devices, to design and analysis of transistor circuits, and lastly providing IP blocks for systems-on-chip (SoC) designs. Our solutions are deployed in production flows across broad industry segments such as leading display companies, automotive OEM suppliers, and top Memory, 5G, and IoT (internet of things) providers.

 WE ARE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
 At Silvaco, we do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
 If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at 408.567.1000.
 https://www.silvaco.com/
