Job Title: Full Stack Developer 

Contract Type: Permanent 

Location: Edinburgh 

Closing date: 1st May 2023 

 At Royal London we believe your difference is our strength and our organisation benefits from the different perspectives that diversity brings. Studies have shown that people from under-represented groups are less likely to apply unless they meet every requirement. So, if you’re excited about this role but your past experience isn't a perfect fit with the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway as you may be the right candidate for this or other opportunities. 

 About the role 

 We are looking for a Full Stack Developer to join the Application Services team. 

 Using modern software development practices, patterns, and tools; the successful candidate will join a team building, running, and maintaining applications across front-end and back-end disciplines used by internal and external users 

 You will be joining a team who looking for continuous improvement and development and offer 12 days for personal training and upskilling. 

 The Application Services Team sit within the Group Technology Services division of Royal London Group and this role will be focussed on our exciting new Pensions Application stack. 

 Key responsibilities 

 Participates in the development and design of technical solutions, managing own workload. 
Takes responsibility for ensuring that all code meets Royal London Group standards, guidelines, and quality gates for given technologies. 
Encourages close collaboration with other disciplines within the team. 
Takes an active role on the transfer of knowledge and sharing of experiences relating to own area of technical expertise at practice level. 

 Criteria 

 Hands on development experience in SQL, .Net and Angular, successfully delivering change on complex applications. 
A growth mindset with the ability to support, collaborate with and mentor others. 
Passionate about working in a modern and inclusive culture. 
Able to communicate at all levels in an engaging and collaborative manner. 
Awareness of Agile working practices. 

 What we offer 

 We've always been proud to reward our employees by offering a number of great benefits including: 

 A generous group pension scheme (up to 14% matching employer contribution) 
28 days annual leave plus bank holidays with the option to buy/sell up to 5 days 
Annual company and performance-based bonus 
Life assurance (up to 8 x annual salary) 
Enhanced parental leave policies 
Private medical insurance 
Employee Assistance Programme - Access 24/7 to confidential health, legal & financial advice 

 Full details can be found on our benefits page. 

 About Royal London 

 Royal London is the largest mutual life insurance, pensions and investment company in the UK. Since its foundation 160 years ago, Royal London has supported millions of people to protect and provide for themselves and their families. 

 At Royal London, our People Promise is that we will all work somewhere inclusive, responsible, enjoyable and fulfilling. This promise has been at the heart of our approach to hybrid working, ensuing a balance of time working in our offices, supporting the culture of collaboration and inclusion and some working time from home, so we can all continue to benefit from the flexibility this brings. Our hybrid working approach is built around our mutual mindset, thinking about what is good for us as individuals (the ‘me’) and in the context of what is right for our customers, our colleagues and The Royal London group (the ‘we’). Together we belong- collaborate – learn and perform. 

 Our expectation is that colleagues working in hybrid roles will come into the office for 50% of their time, and the rest from home. We want to be as consistent as we can with our approach but we also appreciate some colleagues need adjustments based on personal circumstances. (e.g. to support a disability, or caring responsibility) and / or may wish to formally seek a flexible working pattern in line with our flexible working policy. 

 We appreciate the world of work continues to evolve and we will continue to listen to our colleagues’ views on this whilst ensuring our on-going approach is right for our business and customers. 

 We are an equal opportunities employer. We work hard to attract the best talent for our award-winning team. We believe that embracing difference makes us stronger. Our diverse people bring us different skills – whatever their educational background, disability, gender, age, sexual orientation, race, religion or belief. 

 Our Alderley Park office is situated in 400 acres of natural parkland, based 2.2 miles south of Alderley Edge and 6.5 miles from Macclesfield in our newly refurbished site. We offer a free shuttle service to and from the office from Wilmslow train station and offer free on-site parking with electric car charging points.