
 Job Summary : 
  Due to our continued growth, we are in need of qualified and focused driven individuals for SAS Programmer role to be office-based in London or Stirling, UK. This is a vital role in our Clinical Database Programming & Biostatistics department whose success hinges upon your attention to detail and programming background.
 
At Medpace, our SAS Programmers go through an extensive onboarding and training process, which prepares them to become experts in their field. If you want an exciting career where you use your previous expertise and can develop and grow your career even further, then this is the opportunity for you. Responsibilities : 
 
Write SAS programs for use in creating analysis datasets, tables, listings, and figures
 Using SAS, program, validate and maintain mapped database 
Program edit checks for external data
 Coordinate communication and issues with Data Management regarding database specifications and data transfers
 Qualifications : 
 
Master’s Degree in health informatics, data analytics, computer science, maths or life sciences field
 SAS knowledge preferred, programming experience required with R or Python
 Experience with CDISC SDTM conversion would be an advantage 
Excellent analytical, written and oral communication skills


 Entry level positions are available for recent graduates. Training in SDTM and SAS will be provided.
 Medpace Overview : 
 
   Medpace is a full-service clinical contract research organization (CRO). We provide Phase I-IV clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Our mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through its scientific and disciplined approach. We leverage local regulatory and therapeutic expertise across all major areas including oncology, cardiology, metabolic disease, endocrinology, central nervous system, anti-viral and anti-infective. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, employing more than 5,000 people across 40+ countries.
  Why Medpace? : 
 
   When you join Medpace, you become part of a team dedicated to supporting the development of ground-breaking drugs and devices. Our employees provide hope for those living with debilitating diseases. We invite you to be a part of something that is impacting millions of people around the globe while enjoying a competitive total compensation and benefits package and internal growth opportunities.
 


 Organic Growth:
 Medpace is continuing to grow in all areas globally and has built an expansive research campus at its headquarters in Cincinnati, OH. In 2020, Medpace opened a new seven story building that is approximately 250,000 SQFT. In total, the headquarter's campus includes five buildings and approximately 600,000 SQFT. The company also has expanding office locations in Dallas, TX and Denver, CO.
 


 Perks (
vary by location and position
):


 25 days paid holiday (+bank holidays)
 Flexible working
 Private Medical Insurance & Dental Insurance
 Company Pension Scheme
 Life Insurance
 50% Travel reembursement plus Season Ticket Loan for London
 Eye care scheme



 Awards:


 Medpace historically named a Top Cincinnati Workplace by the Cincinnati Enquirer
 Recognized by Forbes as one of America's Best Mid-size Companies in 2021
 Medpace ranks amongst top CROs for site ratings across all 10 important attributes including CRA training, preparation & organization, accessibility of staff, open communication, and ensuring timely drug availability
 Continually recognized with CRO Leadership Awards from Life Science Leader magazine based on expertise, quality, capabilities, reliability, and compatibility
 Ranked in the top 10 on the 2021 LinkedIn Top Companies list in Cincinnati


 What to Expect Next:


   A member of our recruitment team will review your qualifications and, if interested, you will be contacted for an interview.
 


 EO/AA Employer M/F/Disability/Vets


