


   Frontier is an established, market leading independent developer and publisher of videogames for PC and consoles. We have achieved serial successes across a wide variety of titles including 
   Elite Dangerous, 
   Planet Coaster, 
   Jurassic World Evolution,
    Planet Zoo and
    F1 Manager. Founded in 1994, we are based in the world-leading technology cluster and historic city of Cambridge, England. With a growing team of over 800 talented people supporting our existing portfolio and ambitious future roadmap, along with our publishing label Frontier Foundry, we are passionate about creating innovative genre-leading games and authentic worlds for our communities of players.
  


 About the Role


    We are looking for an experienced User Interface Developer, to work on the continued support and expansion of our genre leading F1 Manager game, working closely with the UI Tech Lead and other game teams.
  


 As a User Interface Developer you will create compelling and responsive user interfaces and help to shape the interface that connects our players with our games across multiple platforms.
  


 This is an exciting opportunity to join development on a multi-million-selling multi-platform family of games, and to be involved at an early stage with interesting new content.
  


 Your passion for developing UI and problem solving will be pivotal to delivering the quality that we strive for in all our games.
  


 F1 Manager is the officially licensed F1 management sim which aims to offer the most detailed and authentic motorsport management experience on the market. A true AAA management title, F1 Manager combines the instantly recognisabled look and feel of F1’s official branding with an exhilarating broadcast-style day experience
  



Responsibilities:


 Learn about and help to develop quality UI code across various projects and platforms.
 Contribute to the development of our codebase.
 Work closely with the Designers and Artists, seeking feedback and iterating on your work.
 Develop prototypes to help inform the design process.






About You:


 Essential
 A quick learner who is willing to adapt to new tools and frameworks.
 Familiar with at least one high-level language, E.g. C#, LUA, JS, Haxe, AS3 or Java.
 Experience with or knowledge of languages' debugging tools, and know how to use them to diagnose bugs.
 Is aware of the performance constraints real-time applications have, and has at least some experience profiling and optimizing their code.
 Comfortable weaving assets provided by Designers and Artists into your UI's.
 Able to communicate effectively within your team, and foster links with other disciplines.
 Excellent attention to detail.
 Desirable
 Knowledge of motion design.
 Familiarity with TypeScript.






What we can offer you


    We offer the chance to work with talented and passionate people, developing and publishing sophisticated and enduring games in a creative and collaborative environment. We love what we do, and we work hard to provide outstanding experiences for our player communities. Frontier rewards this passion and determination by sharing in the company’s success and by supporting our teams to keep doing what they love.
  


 Well-being is a big focus at Frontier and we are continually evolving how we can support our staff. We encourage a healthy work/life balance and host a range of well-being activities, initiatives and sessions to support both mental and physical health.
   




   We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, which includes a success-based annual bonus, share option schemes, pension, life assurance, private family healthcare, flexitime working hours, enhanced maternity/paternity package, in-house subsidised catering, support with relocation, a Cycle to Work scheme and free bike servicing, and social events.
  


 We welcome and encourage applications from qualified candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marriage or civil partnership, pregnancy or maternity, religion or belief.
  

