
 Company Description
  Come join us and make a difference in the world!
 We’re NEC Software Solutions (part of global tech giant NEC Corporation). While you read this ad, our software is helping to dispatch ambulances, support families, keep trains on the move, locate missing people and even test the hearing of new-born babies.
 As a Business Analyst in our Government team, you’ll be joining 3,500+ colleagues across the globe and pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to deliver amazing public services.
 We work with governments, hospitals, police forces, housing providers, local authorities and more. We help them pay financial support faster, speed up treatments for patients and respond to emergencies in the right way. The more we do, the more our customers can do for others. And together, we make a world of difference.
 We’d love your help. And we’ll support you all the way.
 Discover more at www.necsws.com



 Job Description
  *Please note that due to strict security clearance requirements, we can only consider applicants that have lived in the UK for a minimum of 5 consecutive years*
 This role requires the post holder to be in commuting distance of our Bracknell office to attend the office approximately 2 days a week.
 Job Description
 What you will be up to
 As a Business Analyst in our Government team, you’ll build outstanding services for government departments and local authorities. Your role is based in our Bracknell office, but you might need to visit your customers too.
 Your work will manage a diverse range of products following an iterative, Agile and customer-focused methodology.
 It’s a key role with plenty of scope for growth, like the chance to enhance your skills and build your expertise interpreting client requirements.
 In return, we offer a fun, diverse workplace with great benefits, excellent training plus some extra help if you need it. We care about your wellbeing so we even provide access to confidential services that offer financial advice and legal support to name but a few.  Your responsibilities: You’ll be capturing and analysing logical system requirements from several sources to both create new technical services and improve existing business applications, all designed to support our customers in delivering their needs through understanding the business context of key requirements and documenting where required.
 You’ll get a high degree of autonomy and will have active responsibility for the products and services you develop. You’ll ensure that it delivers on the user and business needs, and that it’s maintainable and robust.
 Every day you come to work; you’ll make a difference to people’s lives.




 Qualifications
  Your experience/Qualifications:

 Extensive commercial Business Analyst experience
 Rigorous analysis and elaboration of high-level system requirements
 Articulation of user stories
 Agile Scrum and Waterfall Delivery
 Knowledge of End-to-end software development lifecycle
 Exposure to customer support or user acceptance testing
 Application of critical thinking processes
 Interpretation and refining of customer needs
 Presentation of highly complex scenarios

 You’ll also need a clear and concise communication style and a willingness to learn.

 Sound experience as a BA, preferably in a commercial or public sector software development environment
 Strong experience working in a cross functional agile delivery team
 Proven experience delivering through influencing others
 Working knowledge of Agile planning, documentation, and tools such as JIRA
 General understanding with business workflows, data domains and enterprise concepts
 Bachelor's degree or equivalent business qualifications.
 Professional oral and written communication skills in English
 Demonstrated exceptional customer service skills
 Organizational and user needs analysis skills
 Critical thinking and problem-solving skills
 Strong Microsoft Office skills (Word, Excel etc.)

 if you’re excited about this role but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification indicated, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.
 Additional Information
  Employees of NEC Software Solutions are entitled to the following benefits:

 Single Private Medical Cover (with the option to select family cover at an additional cost)
 25 days paid holiday with the option to buy/ sell 5 days
 4 x basic salary life assurance cover
 A Group Pension Plan with fantastic employer contributions
 A selection of tax efficient flexible benefits to suit your individual needs

 Candidates must be able to demonstrate a pre-existing right to work and travel within the EU. Documentary evidence will be required.
 All offers are subject to satisfactory vetting and reference checks. Depending on the nature of the role a Data Barring Service (DBS) check may also be required. Must have or be able to gain NPPV or SC security clearance
 NEC Software Solutions is an equal opportunities employer, welcoming applications from all communities.
