Job Role: Front-end Developer
Location: MUST BE UK/Remote
Working hours: Fulltime, 09:00 -17:00 GMT
Employment Term: Permanent
Salary: £45,000pa
Your RoleYou will be a front-end developer, primarily working on our logistics platform which consists of a number of interconnected applications. You will take ownership of the UI of these applications.
You will:

Work with our back-end engineer to produce new major functional deliverables.
Work independently to produce minor functional deliverables.
Work independently to improve the existing UI for our suite of applications.
Troubleshoot and debug the application.

Who we are looking forWe are looking for a mid-level front end developer that has experience working with PHP, preferably with Laravel applications. You must have a minimum of 2 years experience of delivering projects in a commercial environment.
While you must be proficient in our front-end tech stack, it is preferential if you are able to produce PHP code to support your front-end code and are comfortable with working with database tools as most of our support cases are centred around our client’s data.
This is an opportunity for a developer to gain ownership of a core component of our product offering as our business expands. Previous experience of working with logistics/supply change or customs systems would be advantageous but not necessary.
Our Tech Stack Our stack is made up of the following technologies:

Front End HTML5/CSS3
Laravel Blade Templating Engine
JQuery
Vue Js
Back End PHP Laravel Framework MySQL
MongoDB
Reddis
Infrastructure Nginx Web Server
Ubuntu Linux OSWho we are

CocoonFMS are a small team building a logistics software platform with a view to developing innovative, enterprise class tools that provide small/medium size organisation with a significant competitive advantage.
We are currently in the process of scaling up our platform and developing a new significant product offering. You would join us at a crucial point in our corporate journey with the opportunity to influence our product development and help us build to become a technology leader within the industry.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £30,000.00-£45,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Vue.js: 2 years (required)
jQuery: 2 years (required)
CSS: 2 years (required)

Language:

English (required)

Work Location: Remote
Reference ID: Front-Dev01