
THE CHALLENGE
 Eventbrite is a people-first organization. Our goal of building the global platform for live experience relies on the foundation of top talent and strong company culture. Our team is the face of Eventbrite, and we’re charged with finding, attracting, and bringing on the best of the best to drive Eventbrite’s growing business and award-winning culture forward. Hiring the best talent globally is no easy feat. However, we have a talented team who has an inspiring story and mission. Our perfect candidate is someone who can connect that vision and story with top-notch talent.
 THE TEAM
 The members of our team tackle big problems through small group collaboration. Our technology spans web, mobile, APIs, big data and machine learning, search, as well as physical point of sale and ticket scanning systems. As a people-focused organization, we support a culture of inclusion, mentorship, and continuous learning. Pair programming, weekly demos, tech talks, and hackathons are at the core of how we build our team and product. We engage with the community by hosting events with exciting technical speakers and releasing key building blocks of our stack as open-source software.
 Our engineering teams own their services and systems end to end from requirements gathering to deployment to maintenance. Team members follow an on-call rotation to ensure any issues are mitigated immediately and root causes are rectified.
 THE ROLE
 As Staff Software Engineer you will collaborate with product, design and other engineers to formulate and implement solutions to various needs and requirements. You’ll also be in a preferred position to shape the technical direction of the mobile area, working closely with our Principal Engineer ensuring Eventbrite’s platform evolves to exceed our customers’ expectations. We work in an iterative fashion to always have a shippable product that can instantly add incremental value to our users. We value code quality and high confidence around our releases. Besides this, and at the team level, you will be also involved in other engineers' technical growth by following their progress in the career path, providing feedback, and evaluating team members' performance. This mentorship also implies that you will be involved in the definition of that career along with other more experienced engineers and that you will be a decision-maker helper about really important things in relation to the team.
 THE TECH STACK
 Eventbrite is one of the world’s largest Django-powered sites by request volume. Python, Django, and MySQL are the primary off-the-shelf technologies in our stack. We are hosted on AWS. PySOA, our services framework builds on these core technologies. On the frontend, we make extensive use of React and Redux. However, the company is transitioning to a completely new stack (such as Kotlin, DynamoDB, Lambdas, gRPC, Step Functions, etc) where each team will have complete ownership and autonomy.
 THE SKILL SET

8+ years building applications in a mainstream programming language: Python, PHP, Ruby, C#, C++, Java, etc.
Experience working with HTML, CSS, Javascript. Modern frontend frameworks: React, Backbone/Marionette, etc
2+ years of experience using some form of web framework: Django, Symphony, Rails, ASP.net, etc.
2+ years of experience using a SQL database: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MSSQL, etc
Efficient, practical programmer with a record of producing dependable code
You care about making sure your code is maintainable and well tested
You bring knowledge of TDD and do it in your day to day
A result driven self starter with great communication and collaboration skills, we put a lot of emphasis on being team players
You enjoy mentoring and teaching colleagues at all levels, while also learning from them.
You are a pragmatic programmer that understands how to balance quality, time to ship, and cost.
You have a holistic approach to quality.
You can improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes.

BONUS POINTS

You have a strong portfolio (on Github) that displays your passion for delighting users.
You have previous experience working with a large engineering team on a complex web application.
You have familiarity with working in container environments and continuous integration tools like Jenkins.
You have knowledge of microservices and/or Service Oriented Architecture
You have experience working with modern frontend frameworks: React, Backbone/Marionette, etc

 WHAT WE OFFER
 We are committed to providing competitive, valuable and meaningful benefits for our Britelings.
 We work hard to cultivate a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture where Britelings feel like they belong.
 Employees can participate in resource groups and we offer programming throughout the year to support a diverse and inclusive workplace. Read more about our Diversity and Inclusion work for our team, culture, and community.
 We offer comprehensive benefits and a wellness package above and beyond standard medical benefits to support our Britelings’ lifestyle.
 Eventbrite's global benefit programs are designed to meet you where you are by offering resources and support for your health, well-being, finances, and family. This includes support in a remote/hybrid environment, wellness allowance, Carrot family planning benefit, Origin Financial Planning service, and other offerings to ease the mind and body like Modern Health and BriteBreaks (generally the first Friday of every month off). 

ABOUT EVENTBRITE
 Eventbrite is a global self-service ticketing, marketing, and experience technology platform that serves a consumers and event creators in nearly 180 countries. Since inception, Eventbrite has been at the center of the experience economy, transforming the way people organize and attend events. With over 280 million tickets distributed for over 5 million total events in 2022, Eventbrite is where people all over the world discover new things to do or new ways to do more of what they love. Learn more at www.eventbrite.com.
 IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT?
 Sign up to keep in touch and we’ll let you know when we have new positions on our team. 

Eventbrite is committed to equality of opportunity for all staff, and applications from all suitably qualified individuals are encouraged, regardless of age, disability, sex, gender reassignment, sexual orientation, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief and marriage and civil partnerships.
 #LI-REMOTE
 Applicant Privacy Notice
