Would you like to join a fast-growing cyber security software company where you’ll work on a substantial web-based technology centred around vulnerability scanning / automated ethical hacking?
This is a brand-new Python Developer role at AppCheck, focused on developing integrations for our vulnerability scanner with other platforms and services that our customers use.
You’ll take on a mix of new development projects and feature enhancements as well as expanding the capability and performance of our existing integrations. Looking forward, motivated candidates will see these roles progress to Senior Developer or Squad Lead.
No cyber security experience is required (although an appreciation for it is welcomed), just a passion for Python coding and working on exciting projects for our nationwide customer-base
The Role:
In this role you’ll work closely with several business stakeholders and our Head of Development to deliver new features, bug fixes, and enhance service functionality and performance. This will include:

Collaboration with other team members and stakeholders to deliver on key requirements.
Building brand new integrations for AppCheck’s scanner for customer use
Maintaining existing integrations and ensuring they remain fit for purpose
Building reusable code and libraries for future use.
Optimising integrations for maximum speed and scalability, ensuring that solutions meet all key non-functional requirements including scalability, performance, maintainability and security.
Applying a 'test-driven' development strategy, integrating testing into CI/CD processes; and attending daily stand-ups.

Who We’re Looking For:
Some of the day-to-day skills you’d use:

Python coding
Experience in Django / Flask or other python web framework
Technical grasp of Unix/Linux OS commands / file systems and shell scripting;
Ability to deliver projects on time and to budget while working in a small and growing software development team.
Code versioning tools, (e.g. Git / SVN)
Experience and understanding of multiple integration architectures and protocols (REST, SOAP, GraphQL)
Experience building and maintaining data dictionaries/meta-data
Batch ETL & scripting (Python, shell etc.)

It’d be great if you also had the following experience:

Database technologies, e.g. MongoDB or similar.
Web markup (including HTML5, CSS3)
Client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks, React or Angular
Familiarity with testing frameworks such as, BDD, TDD and Unit Testing
Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines and related technologies (e.g. Docker, Hudson, Jenkins etc.)

AppCheck & Who We Are:

AppCheck is a B2B cyber security software platform developed by industry leading ethical hackers and web application security experts.
Our technology gives companies the ability scan for and fix security vulnerabilities in their web applications and hosted infrastructure before malicious hackers can find and exploit them.
As well as offering a unique and powerful technology, AppCheck is an industry leader in web app security research and source of knowledge on preventing malicious hacks and costly security breaches.
Created in 2014 with 4 people, we’ve grown to 80 strong with an additional 30 hires planned over the next 12 months. We’ve grown organically as a result of exceptional commercial success.
We are 1 of 5 companies globally that do what we do, and the only company based in the UK

*Please apply ASAP as interviews may commence before the closing dates*
As part of our commitment to information security and our ISO27001 accreditation, please note that upon acceptance of an employment offer with AppCheck, you will undergo pre-employment checks including criminal record (DBS), employment & references as well as verification of Right to Work in the UK.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Benefits:

Additional leave
Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Gym membership
Private medical insurance
Referral programme
Store discount
Wellness programme
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme

Application question(s):

Do you now, or will you ever, need visa sponsorship to accept a permanent role in the UK?

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: Remote