


Software Tester Professional Programme
 Hybrid – Expectation of once a week in Ansty, Coventry
 £29,000
 Do you hold a Computing degree and looking for an opportunity to kick-start your career? Look no further! Cadent Gas is currently offering a fantastic Professional Programme for Software Testers to join our dynamic and innovative team where you will have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects that are helping to shape the future of our industry.
 As a Software Tester on our Professional with Cadent Gas, you will be responsible for ensuring the quality and reliability of our software applications. You will work closely with developers, business analysts, and project managers to create and execute test plans, identify and report defects, and ensure that our software products meet the high standards expected by our customers. 
Our 24-month program provides a distinctive chance for you to acquire practical knowledge in the dynamic IT industry. You will be equipped with first-class training and guidance from seasoned professionals, allowing you to acquire a wide range of skills and knowledge, and transforming you into a Future Professional in your area of expertise.
 In addition to high-quality training that's paid for you’ll be supported every step of the way by a dedicated programme manager, business mentor and line manager. Our community of trainees also provide the perfect support network, pulling from their personal experience they’ll provide guidance and assistance, and you’ll inspire each other from the very start.
 We believe in developing and investing in talent, and we know that by supporting our future talent to gain the very best skills, behaviours and experience, we’ll continue to have a bright, successful future and you will too. 
Don't miss out on this exciting opportunity to launch your Software testing career with Cadent Gas. Apply now and take the first step towards a rewarding and fulfilling career in IT.
 What you will bring
 We’re looking for people who act with pride, purpose, and ownership to join our Professional Programme, along with: 

 A degree in Computer Science.


 A passion to develop a career in software development


 A willingness to learn with lots of drive and motivation


 Someone organised and structured and can prioritise activities


 A team player who can communicate, collaborate and enjoy working with different people.


 Able to clearly communicate to senior management and effective engagement with our stakeholders


 Ability to approach complex problems in a methodical and logical manner


 Ability to challenge and improve processes


 Good knowledge of using Microsoft Office to analyse and present information



 What’s In It For You
 Here at Cadent, we are committed to supporting our employees to get the best out of themselves. For this role we can offer:

 Funding and support towards your professional accreditation


 Ample opportunity for progression within the business


 Mentoring and guidance opportunities



 Benefits
 We offer a host of benefits to suit your lifestyle and support your well-being. These include:

 Pension Scheme double matched up to a total of 18% of salary (i.e., employee contributions of up to 6%, double matched by a Cadent contribution of up to 12%)


 25 days holiday, plus statutory days, and an option to buy more


 Fantastic career development prospects with funded learning options, including support with exams, and internal and external learning and development 


 Strong focus on supporting you as an individual including:


    o hybrid working 
  

   o flexible working
  

    o strong commitments to ED&I
  

    o generous family provision policies 
  

 Flexible benefits including cycle to work scheme, salary sacrifice car scheme, insurance, and healthcare packages, plus much more


 My Offers membership card – offering discounts and savings from hundreds of retailers


 2 paid volunteering days per year 


 Free gym access at the Ansty office, as well as a ‘Gympass’ scheme providing free or heavily subsidised local gym memberships 

We want our employees to achieve a healthy work-life balance and are happy to discuss flexible working options with you if the role can accommodate it. Let us know about your flexibility requirements, whether that be reduced hours, remote working, flexible start/finish times, or compressed hours, and we will be more than happy to explore what’s possible for the role.


 About Us
 At Cadent we’re excited to be part of the future of UK energy! We’ve got a clear roadmap that will drive our performance to the forefront of our industry and support the UK government in achieving its net zero targets by 2050.
 We’re making a difference through innovation and new ways of working. Together we’re shaping a cleaner, greener future for our 11 million customers whom we put at the heart of everything we do.


 Diversity and Inclusion Don’t meet every single requirement listed? 
Understanding, learning, and celebrating what makes us different, as well as what we have in common, is good for us as individuals and enables us to work better together as one team. Cadent is committed to being an equitable and diverse employer that fosters an inclusive culture for all our employees, therefore, all our employment decisions are assessed based on qualifications, merit, and business need. So, if you’re excited about this opportunity but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification mentioned, we would still love for you to submit your application – You may just be the right person for this role or other opportunities at Cadent.
 As a recognised Disability Confident Employer, we are proud to champion inclusion in the workplace and ensure to provide an environment that is accessible to all and supports individuals throughout their journey with Cadent. Please let us know if you require any reasonable adjustments during the application process. 
We place great importance on equity, diversity and inclusion, and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Our employee communities Women in Cadent, Pride at Work (LGBTQ+), Embrace (ethnicity and religion), Thrive! (disability) and the Cadent Military Community can’t wait to welcome you!   
Circle Back Initiative
 As an active and proud member of The Circle Back Initiative, we aim to ensure that all candidates receive a response to their application, regardless of the outcome. 
We will be receiving applications until the specified date above, though Cadent retains the right to close this vacancy early without prior notification, so it is advisable to complete your application at your earliest convenience. 
 Be part of something big. Help shape the future of gas for generations to come.


