The Information Team are looking for a dedicated, enthusiastic and dynamic individual to join their innovative, award winning team as the Lead Developer for Web & Visualisation. 

 The Information Team have developed a reputation for putting Information in the hands of those who need it. You will be responsible for designing and delivering information services/systems to a significant part of the Trust’s business, ensuring that high quality information analysis is available to support the delivery of service improvements within their business area and any relevant corporate requirements. 

 The Information Team is a highly regarded team of over 35 data professionals covering a full range of services from data warehousing to visualisation. 

 We provide an industry leading service to our key stakeholders by successfully delivering the three promises within our information strategy ‘Informed to Act’: 


We will enable everyone in our team to reach their potential
We will use data to make a positive difference to quality of care and experience of every patient
We will use leading technologies to deliver the highest possible standards.
 The Lead Developer for Web & Visualisation will oversee the following team: 


BI Engineering – Development of Business Intelligence Web Reporting and Tools
 As a key member of the Information Service’s Senior Management Team, you will support the local implementation of the Trust’s Information Strategy, supporting all parties to feel ‘informed to act’. 

 We are one of the largest hospital trusts in England, with five hospitals and community clinics serving a local population of around 695,000 people. 

 Our vision is 'great healthcare from great people'. Everything we do is guided by our values: ‘People feel cared for, safe, respected and confident that we are making a difference’. 

 We have a new way of working at East Kent Hospitals, called ‘We care’. It’s about empowering frontline staff to lead improvements day-to-day. We’re looking for compassionate people to be part of our improvement journey for the patients, families and carers we care for every day. 

 NHSEI have always been clear that staff have a professional duty to get vaccinated and it remains our best line of defence against COVID-19. As such NHS organisation including Primary Care, are encouraged to continue engaging with and supporting their staff to inform their decisions in order to drive vaccine confidence, protect themselves, patients, and everyone else. NHSEI has produced COVID-19 vaccine communication materials. 

 Please scroll down to access the full Job Description and Person Specification located in 'supporting documents'.