
Every year HP welcomes students from all over the world to create with us. We have a platform for growth which will give you an opportunity to explore your obsession for technology deeper than you have imagined. If you are passionate about developing technology solutions and want to help HP Wolf Security build the world’s most secure PC’s then we want to hear from you.

 Job Description
 The primary focus of the HP Wolf Security team is developing cyber security solutions to protect our customers devices and data. The digital threat landscape is ever-changing and as the cyber security industry reacts and adapts to changes, so too do the malware authors. Our unique micro-virtualization technology ensures that customers are protected from even the most bleeding edge cyber security threats. That micro-virtualization technology forms a key pillar in a wider cyber security suite that we're actively developing.
 To see what our engineering teams are working on, check out our technical blogs: https://threatresearch.ext.hp.com/blog
 HP Wolf Security are looking for a talented and technical student to join our world-class engineering team for 12 months. As a C# Developer Placement Student, you will be helping the team produce widows and automation solutions for our SAAS Security product – our placement students don't just watch our engineers at work.

 Responsibilities for the C# Developer Placement Student:

 Produce customised Windows Images for virtual machines
 Development of PowerShell Automation Tools
 Ownership of automation to process new releases from Microsoft


 Requirements for the C# Developer Placement Student:

 Interest in Operating System internals
 Knowledge of reverse Engineering
 Exposure to C#, .Net Framework (Core)


 The following skills and attributes are a plus:

 Windows Development / Windows Platform Development
 Scripting experience with Powershell
 Interest in Endpoint security / malware


 ***You should be enrolled in a university program working towards a Bachelors or Masters Degree but we will also consider self-taught candidates that can demonstrate their relevant experience & skills*** 
Industry Placement opportunities are for Spring / Summer 2023 and are available across all science and engineering disciplines including but not limited to:

 Computer Science
 Computer Engineering
 Software Engineering
 Data Science


 About you: 
You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible- in your career as well as the world around you. So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.

 #LI-Post
 This is a paid Industry Placement opportunity for 12 months starting in Spring / Summer 2023.

 Our history:
 Inspired by the isolation principles of traditional virtualization, our team has known then as Bromium created a game-changing technology called micro-virtualization to protect end users against advanced malware. Every task the user performs, such as opening a document or clicking on a link, is isolated in its own micro-VM, with access to just the resources required for that task, and existing just for the life of the task. Protection is thus provided through isolation, without relying on detection, hence reliably defending the user from polymorphic and even zero-day malware.
 Bromium was acquired by HP Inc on 19 September 2019 forming HP Wolf Security. 
For more information, visit our website: https://www.hp.com/uk-en/security/endpoint-security-solutions.html
 HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are. From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. 
Come to HP and thrive!!
 HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. 
We work to maintain this position while adding new technologies and innovative products to our portfolio. We invent, develop and bring to market new technologies and capabilities as well as integrate these technologies into our systems. Our focus is on printing and imaging technologies as well as pursuing broader alternative technologies and research with an eye toward commercial applications. We are dedicated to providing advanced innovative solutions to our partners and customers. 


About HP





  You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.
 

   So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.
 



   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.
 



   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.
 

   From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!
 
