
Who We Are
A technology consultancy with a Deliberately Different approach. This means we focus on people, not technology. We move at pace and ensure Zero Dependency on us at the end of each project.
Our mission is to challenge our industry’s norm of supplier dependency. We don’t only build and deliver solutions — we train and up-skill our customer’s teams to transfer complete ownership to them after we exit the project. We help our customers achieve lasting transformation.
We are techies, chefs, wannabe sports stars, coders, comedians, mothers, fathers, gamers, superhero’s, book worms, geeks, creatives and open. We are deliberately different.
What You’ll Be Working Towards

Designing and implementing Java applications. 
Conducting software analysis, programming, testing and debugging. 
Recommending changes to existing Java infrastructure and supporting. 
Improvement by investigating alternatives and presenting them for architectural review. 
Write efficient and well-designed code. 
Preparing and producing releases of software components. 
Defining applications' objectives and functionality. 

About You

Strong background as a Java Developer, ideally working in fast paced organisations. 
Experience with Unit/Intergration Testing. 
Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS). 
Experience with user interface design, database structures, and statistical analysis. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
Knowledge of Relational Databases, SQL and ORM technologies (JPA2, Hibernate). 
Experience in the Spring Framework. 
Experience in developing web applications using at least one popular web framework (JSF, Wicket, GWT, Spring MVC). 
Experience with test-driven development. 

Passing The TeckBar
The Teckbar is a benchmark we set for our associates to make sure we consistently deploy best-in-class teams to work with our clients.
(1) Talent Screen: Our Talent Team will be in touch to talk Tecknuovo, the role & values
(2) Tech Screen: We'll focus on real-life experience and deep dive into your technical background
(3) Project Assessment: We'll match your skills up against current projects to see which partnership works best
(4) Offer: Job Done! Swag box incoming and your interactive on-boarding journey starts now
During the process, we promise you'll have:

An understanding of Tecknuovo’s mission and values 
Feel that this is where you want to work...or not 
Clear on next steps and timescales for feedback 
Left a positive impression with all interviewers


 
Values & Cultural
Our culture is inclusive, innovative, fast-paced and fun. We live by our five values:


Make Genuine Connections 
Embracing the Pace 
Be Curiosity, always 
Have the Courage to act 
Openness, moving information freely



 
Why Tecknuovo?
You’ll be joining a strong community of associates to build values-aligned teams of digital practitioners for our customers’ projects. Highly skilled and experts across technologies, you’ll be an integral part of who we are.
We partner with the best people, so looking after them is important to us. Here are some of the perks you’ll enjoy as an associate:

Tech-agnostic projects 
Working with major UK organisations like HMRC, Virgin Media, British Council and Thames Water 
Monthly Teck Talks focusing on the latest and greatest in tech 
Flexible working 
The chance to work from our fantastic Tecknuovo HQ whenever you want 
IR35 compliant - we pay for QDOS, QDOS follow-ups and your background check 

Not everything fits in a job spec, so to find out more click the link the below

