We are seeking a Software Developer (.NET) to join a leading software development company based in Dorset. This key role is to directly support the Technical Director to scope, implement and deliver on a variety of internal tasks ranging from the use of technologies to product development. The role will require supporting legacy systems using a VB.NET code base and programming new developments using C#. The role will be remote working but with an occasional requirement to attend our new and vibrant Bournemouth office. We enable our friendly and supportive team to work in a flexible and remote environment using the latest technology, whilst ensuring that communication channels are always available.
Known for innovation and creative excellence for the past 20 years, Rocktime is an exciting, progressive business, proud to include notable brands across industry sectors as well as government and larger local authorities. With a strong reputation and an impressive portfolio, we have built a diverse array of complex projects spanning: Product Development, Bespoke Web Based Applications, Marketing Websites, E-commerce and Tailored Hosting.
Our Culture is based on a flexible approach to work, a friendly and enjoyable atmosphere, underpinned by a genuine desire to produce the best work as a team.
Joining as a passionate Software Developer (.NET), this role is a demanding one but will be hugely rewarding for the right candidate.
Role Requirements:

Entity Framework
C#.NET or VB.NET
MS SQL
MVC
Linq
Visual Studio
Object Orientated Design
HTML
CSS
SCSS
Javascript
jQuery

You must have:

A real passion for digital technology
A keen eye for detail
Problem-solving skills
Working as a team player
Self-motivated with drive and ambition

An advantage:

Dependency Injection
Selenuim
An understanding of responsive web design and mobile first best practices
A degree in a computer science subject at 2:1 or above is considered an advantage

Communication:

You will be required to attend occasional client meetings
You will be required to talk to clients on the phone
You will require good conversational skills in English

Some of our Benefits:

Bonus scheme
Flexible working within core hours
Office or remote working
Casual dress code
Additional holiday which further increase with length of service

This position is subject to a satisfactory DBS check.
Get in touch by sending your CV and telling us a bit about yourself. We’d love to hear from you!
Due to high demand, if you do not hear from us within 28 days, please consider that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. Rocktime is an equal opportunities employer. No agencies, please.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: Up to £40,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Additional leave
Casual dress
Sick pay
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme

Experience:

VB.NET: 3 years (required)
C#: 3 years (required)
Commerical: 3 years (required)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: Remote