ABOUT OQCAt Oxford Quantum Circuits (OQC) we build quantum computers to enable life-changing discoveries: from new drug modelisation to longer-lasting battery technology and portfolio optimisation. We have launched Europe’s first Quantum Computing as a Service (QCaaS) – to bring quantum to our customers’ fingertips and help them improve their operations and trailblaze new commercial and scientific approaches.
Our team is composed of 90+ people with various backgrounds in quantum physics, nanotechnologies, hardware, software and business operations from marketing to intellectual property. We are all bound by the desire to put OQC at the forefront of the quantum revolution and help solve some of the world’s most challenging problems.Previous quantum computing experience is NOT REQUIRED to be successful in this role.
ROLE OVERVIEWWe are a full-stack hardware provider who designs, builds and operates quantum computers. We have an essential need to better support and further all of these processes through the application of software.
In this role, you will develop and maintain critical tools aimed at supporting the workflow and discovery for our quantum engineering teams. You will work directly with physicists and other engineers to understand project needs and maintain codebases across their lifetime, developing bespoke software tools.
This role suits well-rounded software engineers who can turn their hand to a range of different problems from development of web applications to writing high performance simulation code. Successful candidates will be excited to work in a multi-functional team, and have a passion for mentoring and developing other members of software staff attached to the team. A desire to achieve the best results for the organisation whatever the task may be is essential.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Take responsibility for the next generation requirements and designs with various internal teams.
Develop and deliver projects to timescales defined by internal roadmaps
Apply software engineering practices to ensure that our developments provide correct functionality and performance.
Maintain and incrementally improve existing services based on technical and business led requirements.
Work with a wide range of stakeholders on a day to day basis including contractors
Shape best practices in a growing organisation.
Mentor and manage more junior members of a growing team.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS

Significant experience of software development in industry
Mentoring and leadership skills
Experience of working with different software lifecycle methodologies
In depth knowledge of Agile software development
Degree in a numerate subject
Architecture and design skills on large-scale software developments
Excellent knowledge of python and other high level programming languages
Excellent knowledge of QA as applied to software and products
Experience building databases for real world applications
Experience with cloud based service providers

DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS

Experience of project management within the software industry
Experience building highly secure systems
Experience of UI design methodologies
Formal qualifications in software engineering or computer science

LOCATION & TRAVELOQC’s office is located in Shinfield, Reading. There will be a requirement for occasional travel throughout the UK and elsewhere abroad for conferences, meetings and engineering visits.
APPLY NOWPlease apply via https://apply.workable.com/oqc/ . As part of our application process we ask that you also provide us with a cover letter outlining why you think you would be a good fit for the role and what attracts you to OQC. Applications without a cover letter including this information will not be considered.We look forward to hearing from you!
At OQC we are not just hoping you’ll fit in our culture. We aspire to thrive, as a company and as people, thanks to your diversity of thought and background. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to providing our team members with a work environment free from discrimination, where everyone is treated with respect. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, talent and merit and all our colleagues share in the responsibility for fulfilling our commitment to diversity. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, or if you think we can do better with our recruitment process, please contact us at careers@oxfordquantumcircuits.comRequirements
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £60,000.00-£75,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company events
Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Free parking
On-site parking
Private dental insurance
Private medical insurance
Wellness programme
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Reading
Reference ID: SW23Expected start date: 01/06/2023