Why Cado Security:
We are building a platform to reinvent how people respond to cyber attacks. Come help us build it!
You’ll be joining an early stage, fast-growing company with share options and a competitive salary.
We offer you a great mission, diverse work, and a super-friendly team.
The role:
Cado Security is looking for a full time software engineer to help build our products.
You can be focused on the frontend, the backend or full-stack. Whatever part of the codebase you’re contributing to you’ll be expected to work closely with colleagues across the Cado team to help set the direction for the product and company.
Our tech stack:

Backend: Python, ElasticSearch, Postgres, Redis, AWS/Azure/GCP, Cloudformation & Terraform
Frontend: Typescript, React, TailwindCSS, Cypress, Jest, NextJS
We invest heavily in automated testing and CI allowing us to ship multiple releases per week.

What you'll do:
We believe in hiring great people and growing them by giving them projects that will challenge them! Having said that there are some things we expect all our developers to do:

Write high-quality, maintainable code
Participate in code reviews
Help mentor new team members
Plan and lead projects: anything from a small feature to a large migration involving multiple teams

A qualified candidate has:
- Experience building and shipping reliable software.
- Some experience with either Python or React. You don’t need to be an expert, but especially for more senior candidates we’ll expect you to demonstrate an understanding of fundamentals in the interview.
- We don't require cyber-security industry specific experience.
Pay and Benefits:
– Private health care
– Pension
– Stock options for a fast growing company
– Training
- Working with an amazing team
- Your choice of Windows or MacBook
Location:
– The office is based out of London Waterloo and Bristol with flexible working.– We will consider hiring UK wide/full remote for exceptional candidates.
Right to work in the UK:
- At this point in our company, we are unable to sponsor visas, so you must have the right to work in the UK.
Job Type: Full-time
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

Casual dress
Company pension
Employee stock purchase plan
Private dental insurance
Private medical insurance
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Hybrid remote in London