

Senior Software Developer - Identity & Access Management 
Staines 
Flexible / Hybrid working options (i.e up to 3 days WFH) 
Permanent 
Ranging £60,700 to £70,000 + fantastic benefits 
Full time 37.5hours 

Here you’ll be welcomed. We champion diversity and we understand the importance of our people representing the communities and customers we serve. You’ll find an inclusive environment where you can be yourself and where everyone is driven by the same purpose – helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives and making a better world. 

At Bupa, we’re passionate about technology. With colleagues, customers, patients and residents in mind you’ll have the opportunity to work on innovative projects and make a real impact on their lives. 

Right from the start you’ll become part of our digital strategy, joining us on our journey and developing yourself along the way. 

Role Overview 

The Senior Software Developer specialising within Identity and Access Management will cover a wide range of technology focused jobs within Bupa Group Technology and Information Services. The actual department and role that a senior software engineer may work in will also vary and may include all or some of the following aspects; 

To participate in or undertake the technical analysis, specification, estimation, design, development, implementation and support of software solutions, working with business users, third parties, and other GTIS colleagues, as appropriate. 

What you’ll do: 

Be the technical authority in their domain. This could be application or technology specific 
Give application or technology specific guidance to business analysts, architects and designers to achieve the best overall solutions 
Impact assess and validate technical solutions, designs, proof of concept to ensure end to end solutions are fit for purpose 
Work within, and develop the application delivery design standards, development methodologies and strategic architecture frameworks 
Provide input to Infrastructure Design teams with regard to overall solution design 
Acts as a technical mentor to less experienced software engineers. 
Is responsible for the quality of all deliverables affecting software within their domain 
Keeps abreast of current and emerging technologies and actively looks for ways to incorporate technology for the overall benefit of the business 
Understands business objectives and continually seeks ways to improve business operations, efficiency and cost effectiveness 


What you’ll bring: 

Experience working in more than one of the following service delivery functions; development, support, software design or environment configuration 
Must have knowledge and experience of following technologies 

Understanding of IT architecture, integration and design. 
Able to work on proof of concept 
SQL 
Visual Studio, .NET, C# 
Experience in IAM solution ie ForgeRock 
Experience in Access Management(AM), Identity Management(IM),Directory Service(DS) 
Federation & Single Sign On, LDAP, SAML2, OAuth, OpenID Connect, Active Directory, Cross Domain authentication 
custom authentication modules, Authentication chains, authentication trees etc. 
UNIX 
Java 
Cloud hosting environments (Azure) 
TFS 



Why Bupa? 
We are a health insurer and provider. With no shareholders, our customers are our focus. We reinvest profits into providing more and better healthcare for the benefit of current and future customers. 

Our benefits are driven by what matters to our people. It’s important to us that these benefits support a work-life balance that keeps people healthy, both mentally and physically. As a API Developer you’ll be eligible for: 

25 days holiday, increasing through length of service, with option to buy or sell 
Bupa health insurance as a benefit in kind 
An enhanced pension plan and life insurance 
Annual performance-based bonus 
Onsite gyms or local discounts where no onsite gym available 
Various other benefits and online discounts 


Diversity and Inclusion 
Bupa is committed to making sure that every applicant is assessed solely on personal merit and qualifications. We actively celebrate the diversity of our colleagues and provide an inclusive environment so you can bring your true self to Bupa. We’ll make sure you are treated fairly. That’s why we’re happy to offer reasonable adjustments as part of our recruitment process to anyone that needs them. 

Whether you’ve found your feet or are discovering a new path. 
Welcome to a place that celebrates you. 
This isn’t where you've been. 
This is where you're going. 
This is what we have belief in. 

Time Type: Full time
