
Designer Contracts is the UK’s largest flooring contractor operating across 13 regional facilities. As well as flooring, the company provides curtains and blinds, furniture and lighting, and operates a show home interior design services division.
 We have been supplying and installing across the nation since 1992 and now employ over 350 staff members with an annual turnover in excess of £40 million.
 Due to our continued growth we have an exciting opportunity for a Junior Programmer to join our IT team based in Kettering.
 Salary - £26,500 plus bonus
 Type – Permanent, Full Time
 Working Pattern – Monday to Friday, 8:30am to 5:00pm
 Do you have:
 A passion for performance programming?
 Excellent problem-solving skills?
 An ability required to prioritise, multi-task, and manage your time effectively?
 A keen eye for detail?
 If so then we would like to hear from you!
 This is a busy role that will require you to assist in the daily running of an efficient Information Technology department to ensure the maximum availability of all equipment and systems to authorised users.
 Key areas of responsibilities include:

 Developing reports, applications, websites, service applications, mobile apps and any other requirement that the Company may have in various development languages
 Maintaining in-house software using a variety of technologies
 Providing updates and bug fixes
 Developing help file systems to aid usability of the developed software
 Maintaining and developing database systems
 Sharing best practice; communicating good ideas
 Maintaining effective and efficient electronic systems
 Effectively communicating and co-operating with other members of the team
 Assisting in the running of Information Technology for the Company supporting the Helpdesk team

 Key Requirements:

 Strong team player
 You should have at least 5 GCSEs Grade C or above, including Maths & English or equivalent.
 You will be articulate, possess excellent IT and communication skills and work well under pressure.

 Our continued success is based on having a loyal, motivated and friendly team of people with a drive to succeed. In return we offer a generous benefits package including:

 Competitive Bonus
 32 days holiday including 8 bank holidays
 Additional days leave for long service
 Health care plan provided by Westfield Health
 Life Insurance
 Contributory Pension scheme
 Free on-site parking
 Cycle to work scheme
 All inclusive and paid for team building days out

 Designer Contracts is an equal opportunities employer
