
Due to growth, we have an exciting new opportunity for a Senior Android Engineer to join our Ecommerce department on a permanent basis, based in Hatfield. (Hybrid Working)  The Findability team helps shoppers to find what they’re looking for, providing an easy, personalised experience when searching or browsing. We’re a cross-functional team that consists of talented Android, iOS, web front end and backend engineers, a QA engineer, Team Lead and Product Manager. We also work closely with UX and Product Analyst teams.  We want the successful individual to bring their passion for building polished, effective solutions to the problems we set out to tackle. Our Android shopping app is native Kotlin with an MVVM architecture, backed by a Java microservice backend.

 Roles & Responsibilities:

 Work with UX and Product people to understand problems, propose solutions and bring them to life. Build functionality that works across locales in countries around the globe Build with performance in mind
 Work with your team to deliver valuable contributions of high quality, in the timescales agreed by your team.
 Contribute to the full delivery lifecycle, from idea generation to value validation.
 Use analysis and diagnostic tools to monitor the operation of your product and be able to communicate your findings.
 Help to build clarity on technical strategy and support its implementation.
 Design solutions which can be understood and improved upon by others.
 Make sure your Product’s implementation can be diagnostically analysed, where practical, building in observability, in order to resolve faults and be maintainable.
 Contribute to discussion and influence technical direction.
 Apply good strategic judgement in architectural decision making.
 Help to develop other engineers around you into more capable and experienced people.
 Collaborate with your team to understand the shoppers’ needs and find ways to meet them.
 Reduce manual support through process and/or Product improvement.


 You may be asked to perform tasks as required by management deemed as a reasonable request. This job description is a summary of the typical functions of the role, not an exhaustive or comprehensive list of possible role responsibilities, tasks and duties and is subject to review. The responsibilities, tasks and duties of the job

 Knowledge, Skills and Experience

 You have great programming and technical design skills.
 You have an extensive knowledge of the Android environment from developing high-quality apps.
 Building production apps with Kotlin.
 Taking pride in writing polished and fully-tested code.
 Passionate about great UX.
 You create user experiences with accessibility as a core requirement.
 Your collaboration skills allow you to work effectively alongside a cross-functional team.
 A desire to share knowledge and learn from others in order to improve your breadth and depth of knowledge


 What do I get in return

 Our employee benefits are designed for you, we care about people and we’ve ensured we have a wealth of benefits that focus on your well-being. We can offer technically stretching work, a competitive salary and; Hybrid working and flexible working patterns; Private healthcare; Car salary sacrifice and Cycle to Work schemes; A range of amazing benefits, including Free Shares and Life Assurance; 15% off your Ocado.com shopping; Company shop offering discounts of up to 70% on groceries from leading brands and major retailers; Incredible Head Office, complete with onsite cafe and restaurant just 20 minutes by train from Kings Cross; A free shuttle bus from and to Hatfield Station; Exclusive travel, retail and leisure discounts nationwide; 22 weeks paid maternity leave and 6 weeks paid paternity leave (once relevant service requirements complete); Enhanced Pension scheme, matching employee contributions up to 7% of salary; Employee Assistance Programme

 About Ocado Group
 When our journey started, we were all about changing the way people shop for groceries. 20 years later, we’re developing our own ground breaking technology, opening multiple sites at an accelerating rate and engaging in exciting new business partnerships around the world!

 Transforming an industry also means transforming the way we do business. As we continually develop new technologies and customer propositions, we’re looking for the Everyday Pioneers to lead us into the next stage of our evolution: enhancing our capabilities, inspiring our teams and developing new ways of working.

 Changing the way the world shops, for good.
