




Reference Number


CMcBkdb2





Location


Belfast




Contract Type


Full-Time Permanent




Closing Date


02/08/2023




Job Specification


Job Specification





Are you interested in a career in software development? If you enjoy working with cutting edge technology and want to make an impact within a dynamic organisation, then AquaQ Analytics is for you. Founded in 2011, we have grown from 3 people to 200 people. We are a young company with a strong focus on developing our employees. We are urgently seeking talented, high performing graduates for roles across the UK.

We are looking for anyone from a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) background. Programming experience is beneficial but not necessary as our comprehensive training programming does not assume any prior programming experience.

We are looking for logical thinkers and problem solvers.

Applicants will learn the “q” programming language which is associated with the kdb+ time series database from kx systems (kx.com). The role will entail working with leading investment banks to capture, store, analyse and visualise huge volumes of data. Start date is ASAP.

Key Responsibilities:

Working with business users to define requirements for new application functionality
Developing, testing, supporting and maintaining all code for client applications
Assisting the Project Manager with all aspects of project delivery
Working as part of a team to deliver projects on time and on budget
Analysing data and creating reports for clients, incorporating all findings


The profile of the people we are looking for is:

Minimum 2:1 Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science or any other scientific/engineering discipline
Ability to learn new programming languages and financial concepts quickly, logical thinkers and problem solvers
Familiarity with Software Development Methodologies
Good knowledge of the Systems Development Life Cycle
Detail-orientated, results driven and in possession of a can-do attitude
Capable of working both independently and within a team
Excellent client facing skills
Prior experience of working in Capital Markets/Investment Banking is a plus but not essential


Benefits:

In addition to highly competitive salaries we offer the following:
Accelerated career progression /training and development plan
Company pension plan
Company bonus scheme
Healthcare Cover
Increasing holiday entitlement











AquaQ Analytics Limited is a provider of specialist data management, data analytics and data mining services to clients operating within the capital markets and other sectors. Our domain knowledge, combined with advanced analytical techniques and expertise in best-of-breed technologies, helps our clients get the most out of their data.
Headquartered in Belfast, the company has grown to over 200 employees, servicing an ever expanding global client base of investment banks and hedge funds. Employees are based directly on client site or increasingly work out of the Belfast HQ under a near shore operating model. We currently have consultants onsite in the UK, Canada, the US, Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan and Australia.




