
What you will do
 We are looking for a Solidity Developer, the ideal candidate is an experienced Ethereum/EVM developer that has experience in Solidity, web3, and who is familiar with writing documentation for developing, testing, and troubleshooting Ethereum/EVM-based applications.

 Conduct blockchain research, design, development, and testing on the Ethereum network
 Using Solidity, create proprietary blockchain technology (services, libraries, and algorithms)
 Work with the Gnosis Core Development team on making the development experience great
 Help port and validate existing Ethereum based tools to Gnosis Chain
 Support developers communities building on Gnosis
 Build great dApps as production-ready reference code
 Create and deploy high-security technologies (Services, libraries, Algorithms)


 Who you are


 Experience developing on top of Ethereum
 Experience developing Solidity smart contracts
 Proficient in working with smart contract development/management tools
 Should be able to write digestible comments/ documentation, accompanying code
 Demonstrable experience writing smart contracts
 Working with clients and a team of software engineers
 Good understanding of blockchain test tools as well as testing, troubleshooting and distributed computing
 Bachelor's degree or equivalent, 1+ years of relevant experience
 Ability to analyse complex, technical topics and turn them into easy-to-understand documentation
 Proven ability to learn new technologies
 Fluent in spoken English, reading, and writing in English

 Bonus points:


 Experience in a Developer Relations or Technical Education role


 About us

 The Gnosis mission has always been centered on building decentralized infrastructure for the Ethereum ecosystem. When Gnosis was founded in 2015, it focused on building prediction markets to enable worldwide access to accurate information. While creating the prediction market platform, it became clear that Gnosis needed to build the infrastructure required to support it. As a DAO, Gnosis uses the products that it creates to transparently guide decisions on the development, support, and governance of its ecosystem.
 
 Gnosis Safe (multisig and programmable account), Cow Protocol (formerly CowSwap and Gnosis Protocol), Conditional Tokens (prediction markets), Gnosis Auction, and Zodiac (standard and tooling for composable DAOs) are all products incubated by Gnosis. Their success is demonstrated by the recent spin-out of Cow Protocol and the formation of SafeDAO. By combining needs-driven development with deep technical expertise, Gnosis has built the decentralized infrastructure for the Ethereum ecosystem.
 
 In November 2021, the xDai and GnosisDAO communities voted to combine their vibrant ecosystems to create the Gnosis Chain. Gnosis Chain uses the xDai token. It is the associated execution-layer EVM chain for stable transactions and includes a wide-ranging group of projects and users. Gnosis Chain is secured by a diverse set of validators. With over one hundred thousand validators and counting, we’re building a resilient and neutral network open to anyone without privilege or prejudice. Be a part of a team leading the web3 movement.

