We are looking for an enthusiastic and highly motivated individual to join our Software Development team in the role of Healthcare Integration Developer with a key focus to deliver integration solutions across the Trust and Integrated Care Board (ICB) to support clinical and corporate transformation. 

 The Trust has a number of programmes aimed to further digitally enable our clinical services and you will get exposure to new technologies and learn new skills. You will also have the opportunity to contribute to regional projects that will shape the digital future of the NHS across Lancashire and South Cumbria. 

 We are looking for applicants who have specialist knowledge of Healthcare integration and extensive experience of Intersystems HealthShare integration engines, Object Script, HL7 v2, FHIR and web services. 

 You will be responsible for the development of integration solutions, which will involve reviewing requirements analysis, design, testing, implementation, documentation, maintenance and support. This will include integration of new and existing systems. Providing cost-effective, risk-controlled, robust, reliable, responsive and secure integration solutions. You will also provide expert knowledge and direction on the field of healthcare integration to local and regional project boards. 

 The role involves developing and maintaining working relationships with stakeholders, clinical staff, software suppliers, other IT professionals as well as assisting in the procurement, commissioning and monitoring of deliveries to integration projects. 

 If you think this is the role for you, please submit your application today! 

 We have 10000 fantastic people working hard to deliver quality services to our patients. Whatever your role, you help look after 370,000 people in our local area & give specialist care to 1.5 million people across Lancashire & Cumbria. 

 Working with us gives you the knowledge and sense of pride that every activity you do genuinely does make a difference to support our patients & staff, ensuring we keep thriving & delivering outstanding healthcare right across our local towns. 

 You’ll have access to varied development opportunities, learn new skills, meet fab people & do things you’d never have done. You’ll learn about working in a hospital, interacting with people from all different roles to build skills & enhance your career path. 

 You’ll make an impact, be challenged to think differently, be bold & help innovate to keep improving things. Everything we do centres around patient care and enhancing their experience which means your role is pivotal and something really to be proud of. 


Provide expert technical guidance and advice on integration and system development issues.
To understand the requirements of the Trust and provide recommendations and advice on the best-fit systems integration developments for service needs.
To investigate Requests for Service and/or Change Control Notifications for systems integration developments.
To provide support and expertise on the Trust’s electronic document delivery and regional Health Information Exchange developments.
Evaluates cyber security notices
Assists third party suppliers in setting up and testing of bought-in solutions as directed by line management.
Maintains an up to date knowledge of software development methods and tools.
Maintains an up to date knowledge of National NHS IT developments and strategy.
