
We're looking for a Senior Developer Experience Engineer to join our team at Hypixel Studios, which collaborates remotely from around the world. Our members range from industry newcomers to experts with 25+ years of experience. Team members come from a diverse set of backgrounds, but share a common passion for building polished player-focused, community-powered games.


 Join us on our mission to bring players together in an inviting, immersive world where they can make their mark. Hytale empowers creative expression across a spectrum of experiences including sandbox adventure, social play, minigames, and creativity using a suite of powerful and accessible tools.


 As an Engineer for the Developer Experience team, you will be a subject matter expert on the mechanics of our development platform. You will be a champion for code quality; local test and build reliability; and developer empowerment.


 Who you are:

You have strong fundamental programming skills that you are flexible in applying across a wide range of languages and environments.
You love empowering developers by removing friction from the team's tools and processes
You know how to balance short term improvements with long term systems development and automation
You prize the opportunity to mentor and support your colleagues.



 Some of your role:

Work closely with our CI/CD Team to ensure "it works on my machine" translates to "it works on everyone's machine".
Collaborate with game developers across all disciplines (Engineering, Design, Audio, Animation, UX, Art, etc) to streamline and troubleshoot their development workflows.
Own the design and continuous improvement of such systems as

Automated IDE configuration and developer onboarding
Slack Automation
Local build optimization
Digital Content Creation pipeline optimization



 
Essential Traits:

5+ years of professional software development experience.


3+ years of experience in analyzing and improving software development workflows.
Strong experience with Git, Perforce, or other modern version control solutions
Team-oriented, self-motivated, and autonomous.


Bonus Traits:

Experience with distributed, incremental build systems (FastBuild, Bazel etc.).Experience with CI/CD and build tools such as Jenkins, TeamCity, CircleCI, etc
Experience with tooling in the C++ ecosystem (AddressSanitizer, MTuner, Clang-Tidy, Visual Studio, IntelliJ)
Familiarity with quality tools and techniques such as linters, static analyzers, fuzz testing, memory analysis, etc



 We can offer:

Competitive salary
Annual Performance Bonus (APB)
Quality of Life increases
Christmas closure
A chance to work on a new game project with an extremely motivated team
Opportunities to learn and grow personally and professionally
A stable and secure work environment
The ability to work remotely



 We're looking for applicants who are self-driven, put players first, and that have a history of making cool stuff. In return, we can offer an environment that values and supports individual creativity and passion and believes in fostering new talent. We recognize the value of diversity in every sense and actively encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
