
 Software Developer
 
 This role has been designated as ‘Edge’, which means you will primarily work outside of an HPE office.

 Job Description:

 Hewlett Packard Enterprise is the global edge-to-cloud company advancing the way people live and work. We help companies connect, protect, analyse, and act on their data and applications wherever they live, from edge to cloud, so they can turn insights into outcomes at the speed required to thrive in today’s complex world.
 Our culture thrives on finding new and better ways to accelerate what’s next. We know diverse backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold moves, together, and are a force for good. If you are looking to stretch and grow your career our culture will embrace you. Open up opportunities with HPE.

 Hewlett Packard Enterprise advance the way people live and work. We bring together curious minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers make their mark on the world. The Bristol team are a key part of the global HPE Storage business. We work across multiple areas of technology, we create cutting-edge software products, and we want you to be a part of our team.

 We are currently in a search for Software Developers to work on building next generation products and services for HPE storage products. You’ll be working on some incredibly exciting tech, taking responsibility for design, development, troubleshooting, programming, and integration of some of HPE’s cutting-edge products.

 This is a fantastic opportunity to engage in a positive and creative work environment that offers excellent benefits and a flexible work schedule. Our engineers love what they do. They relish problem solving and seeking out innovative solutions to a wide variety of problems.

 If you have a track record in and a passion for software engineering, want to be part of a business that is growing, with great opportunities, and are ready for your next role, then please apply today.

 What we can offer you:

 Growth mentality in our day-to-day work, coupled with the benefits and opportunities of a leading global technology company.
 The chance to work on our cutting-edge technology, making a tangible difference to the products you’re working on
 Participation in the shared values and purpose that make Hewlett Packard Enterprise one of the world’s most attractive employers.
 Support for career development and trainings.


 What you’ll bring…

 Experience in programming languages such as Java, C, C++, Python, or Go.
 Understanding of Software development processes and practice.
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
 An innate curiosity, and thirst for knowledge.
 Ability to work effectively as an individual, as part of a local team, and as part of a global development community.
 Experience of Linux systems an advantage.


 Education and Experience Required:

 Bachelors or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent.
 Individuals about to graduate, or those with up to 2 years of experience.


 At HPE, we’re:

 Ranked 19th on Fortune’s 2022 list of 100 Best Companies to Work For.
 Ranked 7th on Newsweek’s list of America’s Most Responsible Companies 2022.
 Named a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion for the sixth year in row.


 At HPE, our goal is to provide equal opportunities, flexible work-life balance. Aligning with HPE’s technical career path, HPE offers you both vertical and horizontal growth. If you are looking for challenges in an exciting, supportive, and international work environment, then we definitely want to hear from you.

 Continue the conversation by clicking apply now below, or directly via our Careers Portal at www.hpe.com/careers

 Join us and make your mark!
 #UnitedKingdom #UK #LI-Hybrid 
Job: Engineering
  Job Level: Entry
 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities.

 HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to employer use of arrest and conviction records, including laws requiring employers to consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.
