

  End Date
  Monday 15 May 2023
 

   Salary Range
  £61,911 - £68,790
 

 Agile Working Options
  Other Agile Working Arrangements / Open to Discussion
 

   Job Description Summary
  .
 

   Job Description
 

   Lloyds Banking Group
 

   Location – Hove, Bristol, Edinburgh, London or Manchester. We’re happy with home working the majority of the time, however you’ll need to be in office at least 1 day per week.
 


   Salary & Benefits: The base salary banding for this role is £61,911 - £68,790 for locations outside of London, £71,577 - £79,530 plus annual personal bonus, 15% employer pension contribution, private medical insurance, 30 days holiday plus bank holidays.
 


   We also offer flexible working hours, agile working practices flexibility to suit your lifestyle and ensure a good work-life balance.
 


   Who are Lloyds Banking Group and where does this role sit?
 

   As the UK's largest Retail, Digital and Commercial bank Lloyds Banking Group (LBG) has a huge responsibility to support the UK economy and help it prosper whilst putting customers at the heart of everything we do.
 


   Join us at an exciting time as we move to a software engineering led approach to banking whilst bringing in new DevOps and Agile Scrum approaches. This is a key role working on new and legacy applications within our Risk division
 


   And you can help us make it possible
 


   We're set up as a DevOps team and use both Scrum and Kanban principles to develop quality, creative web applications that help our colleagues handle their customers and business critical processes.
 


   Specific activities which you’ll be responsible for include things like;
 



     You’ll be joining a high-profile team, recognised for the quality of their solutions and agile approach to development
   


     Work closely with colleagues and internal customers to support and upgrade our diverse suite of applications, as well as developing new ones to meet changing business needs
   


     Get involved in the full development lifecycle, from initiation through to final release – where your input and decisions will help drive our application designs
   


     Act as a mentor for junior developers, using your experience and expertise to help them grow and reach their potential.
   



   What do we need to see from applicants?
 



     A real passion for developing .NET applications and enjoy working in a friendly, collaborative and agile environment
   


     A creative eye for the little details, care about your work and enjoy all stages of software development
   


     Results matter to you – speed, service, quality, problem management and innovation
   


     A high level of technical skills across ASP.NET, C#, JavaScript, Web API, Angular, Git and SQL/T-SQL
   


     Solid .NET development experience
   


     A developed communication “kit bag” – able to work with both technical and non-technical people at varying levels of seniority.
   



   Desirable skills:
 



     Any wider skills in MVC, jQuery and Test Driven Development would be really useful
   



   What can I expect in Return?
 

   We're dedicated to giving you opportunities and support to develop you both professionally and personally to optimise your potential!
 


   As a new colleague to the team, you’ll join us on our journey to build a 21st century bank that reflects modern Britain and craft an inclusive culture where all colleagues feel encouraged and valued.
 


   We're committed to building a workforce which reflects the diversity of the customers and communities we serve, and to building an inclusive environment where all our colleagues can be themselves and succeed on merit. We support the principles of agile working and equal opportunity and are happy to consider flexible working arrangements.
 


   Together we’ll make it possible!
 


   At Lloyds Banking Group, we're driven by a clear purpose; to help Britain prosper. Across the Group, our colleagues are focused on making a difference to customers, businesses and communities. With us you'll have a key role to play in shaping the financial services of the future, whilst the scale and reach of our Group means you'll have many opportunities to learn, grow and develop.
 


   We're focused on creating a values-led culture and are committed to building a workforce which reflects the diversity of the customers and communities we serve. Together we’re building a truly inclusive workplace where all of our colleagues have the opportunity to make a real difference.
 
