Spirent is a leading communications technology company focused on delivering innovative systems and services to meet the needs of customers worldwide. Our Positioning Technologies branch is where the world's leading companies turn when they need to accelerate their time-to-market for next-generation navigation and communication systems. We are continually recognised by customers, industry, press, and technology associations for our innovative thinking and our ground-breaking products. The navigation and communications market has untapped potential. The boundaries of how fast, far, and accurately voice and data can be transmitted have yet to be reached, or even defined. Spirent solutions are paving the way for tomorrow's communications. 

 As a Placement Student role within the Software team, you will help to innovate and develop software subsystems for our Simulator Products based on leading-edge technology to drive the next generation of Spirent Communications products in the Positioning Technology Line of Business. A Senior Engineer within the SW team will act as a mentor throughout the placement. 

 About Spirent Communications 

 Spirent is the leading global provider of automated test and assurance solutions for communications networks, cybersecurity, and positioning. 

 We provide innovative products, services, and managed solutions that address the test, assurance, and automation challenges of a new generation of technologies, including 5G, cloud, autonomous vehicles and beyond. From testing in the lab to testing in the real world, Spirent helps companies deliver on their promise to their customers of a new generation of connected devices and technologies. 

 Why Spirent?... Because together we can shape tomorrow! 

 Spirent is its people. When you join the Spirent team, you will join forces and work alongside some of the industry's most passionate subject matter experts. In an environment of innovation, you will find a place where you can grow, think, explore, create, and make change happen. 

 At Spirent, we believe that diversity and inclusion are essential to thriving in the ever-changing world of global technology. We embrace a culture where difference is valued and openness, mutual respect, collaboration, and fairness are considered fundamental. Spirent does not tolerate discrimination or offensive behavior of any kind. We are committed to creating workplaces that genuinely reflect the diversity of the world we serve and an environment where everyone feels empowered to bring their full, authentic self to work. 

 Your success is vital to our success, which is why we will support you to perform, grow, and contribute - with the confidence to be yourself. And to support your personal wellbeing, we hope you will love our dedication to creating the right work and life balance experience! 

 Join Spirent and together let's shape tomorrow!