
Job title: Graduate Software Developer 
Employment: Permanent, 40 hours per week, Monday - Friday
 Travel: UK and International Travel
 Location: Commutable distance to Skelmersdale, Hybrid work
 Salary: Excellent basic salary, state of the art equipment, private healthcare, 25 days holiday, life insurance 4x annual salary, volunteer day, plus more! 


The role: 
This is your opportunity to work for an award-winning and Investors In People Gold technology company with offices based within the UK & Australia. 
As part of our established Graduate Academy, you will begin your journey into IT/Software Consulting whilst being supported, mentored, and learning from highly skilled SAP software experts. This is a development role offering excellent career progression which will primarily focus on up-skilling you within SAP software development whilst having the opportunity to gain cross departmental experience.

 What you’ll be doing:

 Develop an understanding of The Config Team software applications and products, SAP software and the logistics & supply chain industry. 
To make suggestions and begin to develop more complex analysis, reasoning and problem-solving skills.
 Be responsible for specific tasks under the guidance of a mentor. Develop knowledge and gain confidence to advise and consult within own subject matter.
 Keep up to date with the latest SAP software technology, particularly within the supply chain.
 Grow your communication and interpersonal skills, leadership capabilities and conceptual thinking.
 Develop a working understanding of the technical elements of SAP software and applications including configuration, bespoke software designs, developments, and the build of an SAP demo system.
 Support with continuous improvement activities across the business. 



Required Skills, Experience and Knowledge 
Essential: 

A demonstratable interest within IT and web development.
 Basic understanding of HTML/CSS, Javascript or UX.
 An interest in IT software innovation and the development of new software applications and products.
 Knowledge of software engineering and databases.
 An excellent communicator with good interpersonal skills. 
Experienced in Microsoft office packages with focus on Excel, Word and PowerPoint. 
Highly organised with the ability to analyse complex information.


 Desirable: 

An understanding of IT software consultancy logistics and supply chains. 



Qualifications 
Essential: 

Educated to degree level or equivalent in either; Computer Sciences, Mathematics, Physics, Business Management or similar degree and a minimum grade of 2:1.
 Full UK driving licence. 



We operate a hybrid working model, which means a mixture of homeworking, office and customer site visits. Successful candidates must live within a commutable distance to our Skelmersdale, Lancashire office and expect to spend 2-3 days in the office per week. The expected start date for these roles is Monday, 2nd of October 2023.

 Why work for The Config Team?

 Excellent career progression with learning opportunities available.
 State of the art home office equipment provided.
 Annual salary reviews.
 Opportunity to work with globally recognised customers.
 BUPA private healthcare insurance and Life Assurance policy 4x annual salary.
 CSR policies such as a Volunteering day.
Salary sacrifice electric car lease scheme.
Company funded charity donation of your choice.
 Your birthday off and much more!



 Find out more about Life At The Config Team on Glassdoor where we our proud to say employees rate us 4.9 / 5 stars! https://www.glassdoor.co.uk/Overview/Working-at-The-Config-Team-EI_IE1831019.11,26.htm
 Values: Teamwork – Skills – People – Customers – Innovation – Results 


If you have any questions or would like a full job description, then please reach out or submit your CV!
