


Location: London 
Sector: Software Engineering 
Job type: Permanent 
Job functions: Software Developer / Software Engineer 
Salary: Negotiable 
Contact: Joe Howe 
Contact email: joe.howe@lafosse.com 
Job ref: 90687_1681740370 
Published: 14 days ago 
Expiry date: 2023-05-29 
Startdate: ASAP 


Python Engineer/Remote Working/£70,000 per annum
 
We are partnered with a world-leading solution provider for the media industry. They work with Warner Brothers, Disney, BBC, SONY and FOX across studio-production, animation, broadcast and sports production. They empower passion pictures and unite production workflows in media and entertainment. Their award winning purpose-built, software-defined storage and data solutions simplify the flow of data to connect an increasingly complex world.
 This role will be key in developing, maintaining and supporting their software forming the company's products and solutions.
 We are looking for Software Engineer who has:

 2+ Years of commercial Python experience
 Fluent in working with Linux operating systems.
 Experience with Docker 
Must be familiar with using Linux.
 Self-driven, results-oriented with a positive outlook, and a clear focus on high quality. Able to work as part of a distributed team whilst building strong communication links with colleagues.

 Responsibilities:

 Maintain, test, develop and support the core product software
 Create, support and maintain additional software tools and libraries
 Support the deployment and operation of solutions and products
 Investigation and development of new or updated solution components
 Maintain and develop product documentation and training materials
 Contribute technical expertise at all levels of the organisation, and externally, with regards to their software
 Provide 2nd and 3rd level support for software used in deployed solutions

 
The interview process for this role is a streamlined, 2 stage process, you will need to apply quickly as we already have had interest!
 All applicants need to be UK based.
 Software Engineer | United Kingdom | Remote | £70,000 + benefits + more
 For more information please send your CV to me on joe.howe@lafosse.com


