
Company Description:
 Apexon is a digital-first technology services firm backed by Goldman Sachs Asset Management and Everstone Capital. We specialize in accelerating business transformation and delivering human-centric digital experiences. For over 18 years, Apexon has been meeting customers wherever they are in the digital lifecycle and helping them outperform their competition through speed and innovation.
 We are currently looking to hire Graduate Developers to join our expanding team in Sunderland. Our people are our biggest asset and we recognize that our success depends on their talent, motivation and expertise. Infostretch employs high calibre individuals and emphasizes the importance of collaboration and growing both professionally and personally.
 The role:

 Producing high quality, maintainable code
 Supporting in the design and development of complex software solutions
 Partnering effectively with client project teams

 Your profile:

 A good grounding in one of the following languages; Java, C#, Python or JavaScript
 Ability to understand and explain software development concepts and fundamentals
 Understanding of an Agile development environment
 Natural self-motivation with a passion for delivering excellence
 Great communication skills with the ability to build strong professional relationships
 Curiosity with an ongoing desire to develop and learn
 Good problem solving skills
 Computer Science Degree

 It would be great if you have:

 Knowledge of DevOps tools, e.g. Jenkins, Sonar and CI/CD principles
 Experience with React/Angular frameworks

 We’re committed to providing our people with a great environment to work in. You can expect: ongoing skills-based development, career progression as well as health & well-being benefits and support. You’ll work within a friendly and supportive team, working on a variety of projects and the chance to obtain relevant certifications along the way!
 We also offer:

 Up to 10% bonus (based on company and personal performance)
 An employer pension scheme
 25 days holiday + 8 bank holidays, with the option to carry forward or 'cash-in' 5 days each year?
 Access to YuLife wellness platform, subscription to Calm App, premium subscription to Fiit, life coaching & emotional wellbeing sessions, 24 / 7 virtual GP Access, Employee Assistance Programme
 Life Insurance & Income protection
 Enhanced Maternity Pay & Paternity Pay?
 Cycle to work scheme
 Travel loan scheme
 A Tech Scheme which lets you choose from over 5000 tech products at up to a 12% discount
 Free unlimited Udemy account for every employee to support their continuous learning and improvement

 Don’t worry if you don’t tick all the boxes, we’d still love to hear from you.
 Disclaimer: If you feel that this is a good match for your skillsets, please submit a current word version of your resume along with a cover letter describing your skills, experience and salary expectations. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). You can read our job applicant privacy policy here .



Apply Online


Print


SHARE WITH A FRIEND


Job Code: RR1195
 

Category: Engineering
 

Job Type: Full-Time
 

Location: Sunderland, UK
 

Open Positions: 3
 
