


Key Responsibilities


    As a Software Developer, you will be focusing exclusively on the design, development, testing and maintenance of our in-house and client software systems. You will be part of a small team that demonstrates a passion for good design and coding practices and develops new bold ideas whilst maintaining the highest levels of availability, performance and security.
    



 Research, design, and write new software programs. 
Enhance existing programs by analysing and identifying areas for improvement. 
Produce detailed technical specifications. 
Work closely with analysts, designers, and testers. 
Use test-driven development, acceptance, and regression tests to ensure feature quality in controlled, real situations before going live. 
Host training sessions and prepare training manuals for end users. 
Maintain the systems once up and running through monitoring, performance optimisation and correcting software bugs etc. 
Continuously update technical knowledge and skills through self-learning, investigating new technologies, and accessing new applications.






Desirable Candidate


3+ years developing back/mid office business systems, and consumer facing web-based applications.
 Awareness of modern software architecture and design patterns.
 Proven software development experience using either MEAN stack or Microsoft .NET Frameworks/Core.
 Comfortable with web-based technologies including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Typescript, AJAX.
 Understanding of responsive design frameworks.
 Excellent relational database skills preferably with Azure SQL or Microsoft SQL Server.
 Solid Cloud experience, preferably in Microsoft Azure and Office 365 environments.
 Exposure to GIT version control and JIRA project tracking software.
 Understanding of common web security threats and vulnerabilities, and how to reduce their risks.
 Knowledge of Information Security best practices.
 Strong communication skills.
 A meticulous and organised approach to work with an eye for detail and identifying problems.
 Logical, analytical, and creative approach to meeting user and system requirements.
 Ability to work in a team and alone to manage own workload.
 BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related subject (preferable)
 Previous experience working with Content Management Systems (preferable)
 Experience working with NOSQL document-based databases such as MongoDB (preferable)
 Experience with automated testing using a variety of MS Test, NUnit, CodedUI, Selenium and Jasmine (preferable)
 Experience with Search Engine Optimization (SEO) (preferable)
 An understanding of business, business processes and commercial awareness (preferable)





