
Operate
 Be it support with regulation, risk or compliance, Operate delivers. Human-led and tech-powered, it is the backbone of PwC’s unique approach to operational delivery - Execution Managed Services. Harnessing the power of tech and data, we work with some of the most recognisable organisations worldwide, wherever they need us to be. We deliver sustained outcomes through our managed solutions, as well as transforming and running complex operational processes that often create challenges or hinder client progress. Underpinning all of this is our commitment to ensuring our people are equipped with tomorrow's skills to drive success for our clients today.
 About the team
 Operate Digital is the central function that creates and runs technology. We also transform the way our clients use technology in delivering assets to our clients across a wide range of business processes. Working with industry leading, alliance partners across architecture, development, and multiple other technologies, we interact with all technology platforms and provide tangible technology delivery at scale.

 Skills and Experience


Evidence of writing quality code in a technology focused environment.
Relevant coding experience - ideally C# and .Net
An understanding of a variety of technologies and platforms.
Direct experience of Cloud Development.
Agile, Software Development, Software Engineer, Coding


 About the role

 We’ve invested £40m into the creation of our Advanced Research and Engineering Centre in Belfast, part funded by Invest NI. You'll join a team of
 engineers and technologists who’ll design solutions that will define the next decade and beyond.
 As a Software Engineer, responsibilities will include;


Develop and enhance new software products.
Produce quality software using Agile methodologies.
Meet objectives set by Scrum Managers and Technical Leads.
Collaborate with other Developers and mentor where you can.
Support and understand the needs of the Business.
Innovate, using the best technologies and applying best practice.
Expand your skills utilising the latest technologies and training.


 Not the role for you? Did you know PwC offers flexible career arrangements and contract work? Learn more.  The skills we look for In addition to our global framework, the PwC Professional, there are a number of key Operate behaviours you'll be evaluated against during our assessment process. You can read about these here.  The Deal ‘The Deal’, our firmwide Employee Value Proposition’ empowers our people to be the best they can be. Learn more.  Our commitment to you We’re committed to building a culture that empowers all of our people to thrive and feel a sense of belonging at PwC. Learn more.  Automated decision making Some elements of our application process may utilise automated decision making. This will be based on responses on your application form or from your assessment test results. For more information please see our privacy statement.
