The Role:
You will be joining an established team of agile Laravel developers building, improving and monitoring our product platforms, and supporting our Client Services team to deliver a great customer experience. You’ll be working closely with the wider product team (product owners, scrum master, front-end developers, testers, TechOps) to build solid, high-performance datadriven applications for both B2C and B2B users. This role includes monitoring the platform out of hours and acting where required. This work is on a rota, and you would be needed to be on-call 1 week a month on average. You’ll be mostly remote, with occasional travel to our central Guildford office to work with a crossfunctional team to collaborate in short design/development sprints. This is an opportunity to work with an agile team to build software that can make a real difference to our clients and their customers.
The Essentials: You will have:

At least 2- to 3-years’ solid Laravel and PHP experience


A demonstrable understanding of the importance of writing secure code


Strong SQL knowledge


Experience in version control (GIT), CI processes and build/deploy tools


Experience in all stages of the development lifecycle, from technical design through to code review and unit testing


Built RESTful and/or SOAP APIs to expose and consume data


Automated debug and unit test skills • Excellent verbal and written communication skills


A strong customer service focus

The Desirables:
Ideally, you’ll have experience working with:

Vue.js or other JavaScript frameworks


*nix administration skills (Ubuntu), including web and mail servers


Agile teams • EPOS/till systems


Working in the hospitality sector

The Company:
Feed It Back is a leading player in the Online Reputation Management (ORM) space and over the last few years has helped build reputations for some of the biggest and best hospitality brands in the UK, including Fridays, Gourmet Burger Kitchen, Loungers and Marco Pierre White Restaurants. Through our uniquely tailored ecosystem consisting of EPOS-linked personalised surveys, review management system, and our customer engagement platform, our clients can ensure the best understanding, retention and satisfaction at every stage of the customer journey. We’re doubling the size of the product team to further enhance our industry leading platform and introduce some exciting new products.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £45,000.00-£55,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Flexitime
Profit sharing
Work from home

Schedule:

Day shift
Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Application question(s):

Will you be able to travel to the head office in Guildford from time to time?

Experience:

Git: 2 years (preferred)
SOAP: 2 years (preferred)
Vue.js: 1 year (preferred)
SQL: 2 years (preferred)
Laravel: 2 years (preferred)
MVC: 2 years (preferred)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: RemoteFlexitime