

Please note, this opportunity is NOT open to recruiters.


 Our Company
 Join the S2 Partnership to be part of a highly successful business that delivers market-leading consultancy and software services within the commercial real-estate sector.

 Job Brief
 You will be working as part of our Agile Software Development Team, actively engaging in the delivery of improvements for our Software products. Primarily our flagship, market-leading, property management SaaS solution, RiskWise.

 Communication skills will be paramount, since your role will see you speaking directly with clients, both internal and external, to identify their requirements, analysing the outcomes, and making recommendations.

 Your role will also involve understanding complex system requirements, communicating, and designing solutions as part of the wider team. Ensuring the product is fit for purpose.
 You will also perform SCRUM master type duties in coordinating and managing development sprints. Managing development projects from conception through to delivery

 The role can be on the basis of full or part-time i.e. 3 or 4 days per week and will be based from our Elsworth office embracing hybrid working.

 Responsibilities

Requirements gathering and analysis
Facilitating collaborative product refinement sessions
Performing SCRUM Master duties before, during, and after development sprints
Coordinating the delivery of development projects from conception through to delivery
In time, acting as a subject matter expert on key areas of the systems, with a detailed understanding of business requirements
Contributing to the design and implementation of improved working practices and business processes within the Agile Software Team



 Requirements

Excellent communication skills
Strong I.T. skills
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Must be able to work independently
Good inter-personal skills and the ability to liaise effectively with developers, project managers and clients
Preferably degree qualified in relevant subject area
Preferably experience working in an Agile team



 Why choose us
 With S2 you'll be able to develop your skills surrounded by industry experts, who will be on hand to help advise, support and encourage your ongoing development. Our team have always been our most valued asset and employee well-being is extremely important to us and as such, we’re committed to fostering an inclusive, diverse working environment.


 In return for commitment, positivity, and enthusiasm, we offer an attractive remuneration and benefits package including a highly competitive salary, 34 days’ annual holiday, including bank holidays, profit related bonus scheme, medical insurance (including existing condition cover, routine and GP referred services, dental and optical cover), pension fund contributions, group life insurance and employees benefit platform (Lifeworks).

