




Software Engineer - React 








Job Req ID: 13927 
    







Posting Date: 19-Apr-2023 
    







Function: Software Engineering 
    







Location: 1 Braham Street, London, United Kingdom 
    







Salary: Competitive with benefits 
    












Why this job matters



 BT's Enterprise Digital team is responsible for building integrated, scalable, and robust enterprise journeys. We are currently looking for an experienced, cooperative, and passionate Software Engineer with a solid ability to design and execute products that power the enterprise experiences. As a member of Enterprise Digital, you will play a key role in reimagining productivity by shipping transformative products that serve diverse aspects of the enterprise.





 What you’ll be doing




Build the next BT Sales machine of the future using the TypeScript stack with React and Node
Fullstack inclination. We use: BE: Node, APIs, GraphQL, Microservices. FE: CSS, SASS, HTML, React, Redux, Hooks, Microfrontends.
Quality and Testing: Unit, A11y, Contract Testing (I.e. Jest, Cypress)
Work closely and cooperatively with the team and the Engineering Manager to build great Software
Build, measure, and support the Software you create and maintain






Our leadership standards




 Looking in:

Leading inclusively
 I inspire and build trust through self-awareness, honesty and integrity.
         
Owning outcomes
 I take the right decisions that benefit the broader organisation.
        

Looking out:

Delivering for the customer
 I execute brilliantly on clear priorities that add value to our customers and the wider business.
         
Commercially savvy
 I demonstrate strong commercial focus, bringing an external perspective to decision-making.
        

Looking to the future:

Growth mindset
 I experiment and identify opportunities for growth for both myself and the organisation.
         
Building for the future
 I build diverse future-ready teams where all individuals can be at their best.
        





 What You'll Get









