Standards Developer
Location - Flexible home/Peterborough/Bircham Newton
Grade D - £36,803 - £47,492
CITB aims to lead the construction sector by example to ensure fairness, inclusion and respect for all. We seek to build a workforce that reflects Britain’s diverse population and people from under-represented groups are encouraged to apply for vacancies.
Our main objective is to create a culture that helps all of our customers strive towards a workforce that is reflective of today’s society.
Role Purpose:
This role contributes to the CITB’s strategic priority to ensure the construction sector has access to the appropriate standards and qualification to meet their current and future skills needs. The post holder will be one of a team of Developers who are responsible for the development and maintenance of a range of standards and qualification products including: Training Standards, National Occupational Standards, Competence Based Qualifications, Assessment Strategies, and Apprenticeship Standards/Frameworks. Individual responsibilities and accountabilities will vary depending on strategic objectives, previous experience and resource requirements.
Key responsibilities & Accountabilities:

Develop and maintain National Occupational Standards, Training Standards, qualification structures, Apprenticeship Standards/Frameworks - ensuring they are compliant with relevant quality criteria and reflect industry requirements across the four home nations.
Consult and influence stakeholders including: Regulators, Awarding Organisations, training providers, HE and FE establishments, employers, federations, and card schemes - to support standards and qualifications activity as required.
Work closely with other teams within CITB to support the full development, delivery and review cycle, streamlining and co-ordinating our engagement with industry, and the deployment of wider CITB products and services such as Apprenticeship delivery, grant allocation, quality and verification.
Provide advice and guidance to internal and external stakeholders on entry to work, vocational and occupational standards and qualifications for the construction sector.
Act in line with Standards and Qualifications policies and procedures, proactively identifying opportunities for improvement
Carry out mapping of industry training schemes and qualifications against the appropriate CITB standards and qualifications to support Industry Card Schemes
Ensure that any development relating to NOS, Frameworks, and Qualifications meet regulatory/legislation requirements.

Knowledge & Experience:
Essential:

Degree or equivalent level qualification or experience
Ability to facilitate working group meetings with internal and external stakeholders.
Knowledge of the current education and skills landscape, changing industry requirements, statutory requirements, underpinning standards development, units and qualifications and apprenticeship frameworks
Knowledge of apprenticeship framework design and structure
Knowledge of Government stakeholder requirements in standards and qualifications and apprenticeship framework development
Knowledge of qualifications in the construction industry at all levels
Good communication and interpersonal skills
The ability to deal with conflict and difficult situations
Experience of working within a quality system
Technical writing or project management qualification.
Time management
Good IT Skills.
Creative and problem solving skills
Ability to promote, negotiate
Persuasive, influential and assertive.

Desirable

Previous experience working with the key stakeholders within the construction sector

Special Conditions/Other Requirements:

Deal with issues in an appropriate and timely manner.
Comply with corporate policies and procedures
Meet the requirements of the CITB Equal Opportunities Policy.
Meet the requirements of the CITB Health and Safety at Work Policy.
The post may require some working of non-standard hours as workload dictates.
Undertaking training in personal development as the needs of the post may require.
Carrying out additional duties as shall from time to time be required as workload dictates.

Benefits:

33 days holiday per year (Including bank holidays)
Flexible benefits including childcare vouchers, cycle to work and insurance
Pension scheme
Employee discounts
Long service awards
CITB recognition scheme
Employee assistance programme

For general queries regarding your application, please contact lynne.morgan@citb.co.uk or jessica.marston@citb.co.uk
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £36,803.00-£47,492.00 per year
Benefits:

Company pension
Cycle to work scheme
Employee discount

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Peterborough: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Peterborough
Reference ID: 1368