












Location:



 London



 Salary:



 Competitive Salary, Training, Remote Work



 Type:



 Permanent



 Consultant:



 Michael Glaze-Santonen



 Email:



 michael.glaze@wearenorthpoint.com


 Junior / Graduate Developer  

Work remotely (with only occasional office visits in London) 
Cutting edge technology 
Great training to take your career to the next level 
Immediate start available if desired 
  As a result of continued ambition and demand, my client is looking for a Junior / Graduate Developer.   About the Company;   A well-established provider of software solutions to the financial services industry. They have an industry-leading reputation and as importantly have cultivated a pleasant, harmonious and productive working environment conducive to getting the best out of people.   They are physically located in Zone 1 London but this role can work effectively remotely with ad-hoc office visits.   About the Role;   You#39&ll be joining an Agile development team and will initially undertake tasks in support of senior developers. These tasks can include writing automated tests, fixing bugs and developing enhancements to the core platform under the guidance of technical project managers.   Key Attributes Sought;  

Effective communication skills 
Team players 
Great problem solver 
A degree level qualification in a relevant discipline 
Hands-on experience in C# (own projects, University work is fine) 
  Beneficial Areas;  

Knowledge in testing frameworks (selenium for instance) 
Knowledge of XML 
  What can you Expect;   You can expect to join a really nice company which can offer an ideal environment in which to launch your career. There exists a competitive benefits package, including an above average pension contribution, generous holiday allowance and the ability to accrue further time off if you#39&re ever required to work beyond your standard hours. In addition, there are excellent prospects for career progression and a mostly remote role should provide an ideal work / life balance.













If you feel that you have the required experience for the position we would love to hear from you. Please send us a copy of your CV and we will be sure to consider you. If you would like to speak to us directly then please call on 0161 236 8200.