




About The Role

 






COVID-19 Update: here.
 Our people are our passion at FDM. That’s why we make your training and career growth a priority. Since 2009, we have launched the tech careers of over 3,000 people in the US. FDM is currently seeking numerous ambitious and driven candidates with the aptitude for tech to work as FDM consultants. We help people like you make their first step into tech every day. Are you ready to make yours? 
About This Role 
As a Junior Software Developer with FDM, you will undergo industry specific training and continue your career journey as an FDM consultant by working for one of our globally recognized clients. Some common positions you could take on include Front-end or Back-end Developer, Full Stack Developer, SDET, DevOps Engineer and more. 
As a Software Developer your main role will be to solve problems, upgrade existing systems and improve efficiency for the overall success of large software development projects. You will use your coding and creative thinking skills to impact the development and delivery of technological solutions for businesses. Your range of responsibilities will include writing, developing, testing and reviewing code in order to optimize existing applications and fixing defects.
 No previous qualifications or STEM Field experience is required.
 Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree
A strong aptitude for technology and the interest and drive to expand your technical skill set
Able to commit to work for FDM for a minimum of two years working as an FDM consultant following the training period.
Eligible to work in the US.

Benefits

A chance to work for some of the most prestigious companies in the world.
Opportunity to earn professional certifications related to your career path.
Continuous career support and upskilling from FDM.
Comprehensive and competitive benefits package. 
Access to a network of mentors and like-minded individuals. 
Relocation support (if necessary)
Industry recognized paid training.

About the FDM Career Development Program
 FDM’s Career Development Program is a great way for those entering the job market. At FDM, we train the brightest talent to become the innovators of tomorrow. Technology makes the world a better place and we believe passion, drive and curiosity are what you need to have a successful career in tech. This is why we do not require any previous experience to join FDM’s Career Development Program.
 The program begins with training in one of our career streams in business and technology that are in high demand in the job market. We will provide you with the industry-specific technical and professional skills you need in your chosen stream, after which you will start working as an FDM Consultant with our globally recognized clients. 
Upon completion of the program, many see their journey with FDM culminating in an accelerated career progression, better placing them to apply for senior roles within the industry.
 Diversity and Inclusion
 Diversity and inclusion are at the heart of what we value as an organization. FDM is a globally recognized organization with centers across seventeen countries globally. We are proud to celebrate our employee backgrounds consisting over 85 nationalities. 
FDM Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or any other status protected by federal, provincial or local laws.






