
AI/Machine Learning Software Engineer (KTP Associate, Yeltech Ltd)
Computer Science




Location:


     Guildford
    




Salary:


     £34,000 to £35,000 per annum 
    





     Fixed Term
    




Post Type:


     Full Time
    




Closing Date:


     23.59 hours BST on Monday 01 May 2023 
    




Reference:


     021923
    





The University of Surrey and Yeltech Ltd are jointly recruiting a postgraduate to lead a Knowledge Transfer Partnership Project (KTP).
 Yeltech is a small company with big ambitions. Founded in 2004, Yeltech design and manufacture bespoke remote monitoring products, offering practical and cost-effective engineering solutions for an expanding range of industries, including rail, buildings and structures, water, drainage, and environmental management.
 Join them to develop game changing technology that will transform the predictive maintenance market. You will develop an innovative AI enabled predictive maintenance platform that analyses the captured asset data using novel AI/Machine Learning risk prediction models to provide Asset Managers with advanced information that enables them to predict when asset failures may occur.
 Working in a company with a clear vision, you’ll be supervised by a team specialising in creating scalable applications, business software and operating systems by applying the newest technologies and trends. You will also be supported by University of Surrey academics at the cutting edge of research in IoT data processing, machine learning, natural language processing and the development deep learning AI models for solving real problems.
 Your role will be to understand and manage Yeltech's device management system, prototype enhancements, and integrate ML and AI tools into their innovative predictive maintenance platform. You will also be involved in commercial activities such as budget management, project coordination, client engagement, and product/service launch.
 Location
 This is a hybrid role, but you will be expected to attend weekly meetings at Yeltech Ltd and at the University of Surrey, both in Guildford.
 Post-holder Requirements: -
 Essential criteria:

 A minimum postgraduate degree in Computer Science with a background in AI, Machine Learning and/or Data Sciences
 Experience in AI modelling, network training and regression models
 High-competency level of spoken and written English at a technical level.

 This position is offered on a 30-month, fixed-term contract. Receive business-based training and career development, including a diverse range of non-technical skills, such as project management and leadership.

 Informal enquiries can be made to Dan Bance, email: ilovektp@surrey.ac.uk. Please note that applications sent directly to this email address cannot be accepted.
 We reserve the right to close this advertisement early if we receive a high volume of suitable applications. So please do not wait to apply.
 Please be aware that, as part of the KTP Programme, your application will be viewed by members of the host organisation, the Business Partner. By submitting your application, you are giving consent to share your personal details with the company partner outlined above.




Further details:


     Job Description 
    








     Email details to a friend 
    


      Apply Online
     





