
Location: Home based
 Contract: Permanent Hours: 37.5 hours
 Salary: £55,000 to £65,000 per annum

 Are you a technically accomplished Senior Developer looking to become a Lead Developer? Interested in working closely with Architecture to define the technical landscape for the future, as well as technically lead the team and inspire? If so, we would love to hear from you! We’re on the look-out for a ‘Can Do’ Lead Developer to join our evolving business as we look towards our group wide digital transformation journey. This is an excellent chance for you to join us on our journey to Cloud Native, as well as to come in and build good habits, clean code, and SOLID products. At the end of it you’ll have helped deliver a brand-new application consisting of modern architecture using cutting edge technologies.

 What will you do?


 As our Lead Developer you will be responsible for mentoring, developing and coaching our technical team
 Helping developers succeed on their projects with regular technical 1-to-1’s to drive their progression and to assist with identifying training needs for them to succeed.
 Creating conditions for the project to succeed by identifying and removing technical impediments and participating in strong Backlog and Technical Refinement sessions.
 Helping to define the architecture and guaranteeing the quality of project code by designing the project architecture with stakeholders and establishing quality indicators.
 Performing code reviews and ensures technical documentation is completed and up to date.
 You’ll share knowledge about internal business systems and software development concepts
 You will utilise your high degree of expertise in analysis, programming, data access/retrieval and problem solving in a variety of scenarios
 Working closely with our transformation teams you will support our ‘Northgate’ & ‘Van Monster’ businesses by ensuring development based on business needs.
 Ensuring innovation within the team: cultivated through regular problem solving and creating continuous improvement mindset with the team


 What’s in it for you?
 Annual leave- 25 days plus bank holidays and an extra day off to celebrate your birthday!
 Pension- 5% Employer Contributions.
 Financial Benefits- save-as-you-earn scheme, free life assurance and a range of national and local retailer discounts.
 Lifestyle & Wellbeing Benefits- eye care vouchers, a cycle to work scheme, a 24/7 Employee Assistance Programme with an NHS Approved mental well-being mobile app.
 Motoring Benefits- free motor accident assistance, discounted vehicle repairs, discounts on weekend vehicle hire and van hire and access to an employee vehicle-leasing scheme.
 Personal Development - Investment in learning and development to grow your skills. We have partnered with Pluralsight to offer you the most relevant content authored by industry expert, giving you access to thousands of courses, skills test and learning paths, and offer 10 training days per year.

 About You

 You’ll be experienced in .Net (C#/ASP) development and have full-stack web-development experience using .NET Core, TypeScript & JavaScript, Entity Framework, HTML & CSS, XML, and MS SQL Server


 You’re a technically accomplished Senior Developer looking to become a Lead Developer or existing Lead Developer looking for a new challenge, with knowledge of a wide range of systems, applications and interfaces gained in high-tempo and critical technology operations.
 You will have a proven ability of analysis, design, development, deployment, and support of business application systems, including modular design.
 You’ll have strong interpersonal skills and be an effective communicator, able to engage with people at all levels across the business, building solid relationships.


 About Us
 Redde Northgate was formed in early 2020 following a successful merger, bringing together a broad mix of market-leading operating companies to become the UK’s foremost integrated mobility solutions provider. The Applications team are a Group wide function, relatively new and growing as we transform the systems and services provided. In Applications we work from home and are the largest of the Towers with around sixty people and growing.

 Be part of our future
 If you would love to join our team as a Lead Developer, we encourage you to find out more by applying today!

