
Graduate Software Developer Graduate Developer – Leamington Spa – Permanent – Hybrid
 
 Jumar have partnered with a leading software organisation in the Financial Services Sector, who are hiring ambitious Graduates looking to kick start their career in Software Engineering. You will be joining a innovative Fintech organisation, working with leading technology and the very best software engineers in the industry…
 
 What’s the role?
 
 As a Graduate Software Developer, you will play a big part in the development of the company’s technology and platforms. You’ll be working in an agile environment, exploring all stages of the software development lifecycle, including design, implementation and deployment.
  You will receive excellent in-house training and support with a fully integrated boot camp training induction and ongoing mentor support programme. You will have the opportunity to use the latest Microsoft technologies including C#, .Net, SQL, and more with great opportunities to progress and grow with the organisation and undertaking various industry recognised certifications.
 
 What skills do I need?
  Ideally a minimum 2:1 degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science/Physics/Maths, with a genuine interest in a career within IT. If you’re in your final year and don’t yet have your final grade, then we’re happy to look at those predicted a 2:1 or above.
  We’re looking for reliable, professional, and friendly graduates who are keen to be part of an established team and learn from their managers and peers.
 
 Why should I join?
  Not only will you be joining a market leading organisation, but you’ll be also working in an innovative team, that put their people at the heart of everything they do. We have recruited Graduates for this team for over 10 years and have witnessed the extraordinary success of those who have completed the training scheme.
  Some of the benefits you will receive as a Graduate Developer:
 

A competitive salary, starting from £27,000 with regular performance reviews.
Excellent career progression and personal development opportunities
Up to 48 days annual leave
Up to 16% Company pension contributions
Companywide perks, retain benefits and more

 Location: All applicants must be commutable to Leamington Spa, Warwickshire. There will be a mix of office (3 days per week) and home (2 days per week) to start with, and more flexibility will come as you settle into the role.
 
 Recruitment Process: We will be holding an assessment day in May which will be a mix of team and individual tasks to help you to showcase your key skills and attributes, as well as giving you a chance to talk to some of the team, including graduates from previous cohorts. 
 
 Next Steps: Apply now or get in touch with james.may@jumar.co.uk for more information
