

  About NCR
 

   NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is a leader in transforming, connecting and running technology platforms for self-directed banking, stores and restaurants. NCR is headquartered in Atlanta, Ga., with 38,000 employees globally. NCR is a trademark of NCR Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 


   NCR – Software Developer
 


   Our team began as Zynstra, a successful innovative start-up based in Bath. Acquisition by NCR in 2020 resulted in a company with a start-up culture backed by a world class enterprise. We develop Edge Virtualization and Containerisation infrastructure for large retailers using cutting-edge Linux technologies.
 


   Zynstra take our employees productivity seriously providing top of the range i7 laptops.
 


   Zynstra offices are positioned in a central Bath location very close to the railway and bus stations.
 


   Be part of an exciting team packed with graduate talent and seasoned professionals.
 


   Role Description
 

   Developer within a Zynstra SCRUM team. In this role you will take on development tasks within the team, collaborate with other developers and perform code review. You will be assigned stories from the backlog, work on development and automated testing as well as liaising with QA and internal stakeholders to ensure the right solution and quality.
 


   Required Skills
 

 Strong development skills – clean code / agile / SOLID principles
 Working knowledge of Python or Go
 Working knowledge of Linux OS
 GIT source management system
 Exposure to cloud computing, ideally AWS or GCP



   Desirable Skills
 

 Extended Linux knowledge (Bash, networking, installation, boot process, building / configuring the kernel / kernel modules)
 Experience of containerisation and building production systems on Kubernetes
 Virtualization (XEN, QEMU, libvirt, KVM)



   Department Working Arrangements
 


   The job will be based primarily in Zynstra’s offices in Bath with a minimum of 1 day per week in the office and the remainder from home. Employees are required to live within commutable distance of the office as although unlikely this arrangement could change (backed by an Employee Engagement process). Working from home is a benefit for employees who are performing to a satisfactory level. Certain roles may require access to labs and thus extra days in the office, this will be discussed in the interview. Working hours are 7.5 hours per day, Monday to Friday, plus a lunch break. Start and end times are flexible whilst adhering to core hours of 9:30 till 16:00. The candidate should be flexible in terms of occasional work outside of regular office hours and on weekends. Business travel opportunities will be rare.
 


   Company Benefits
 


 Annual target bonus
 PENSION – first class contributions:
   
 3% employee contribution attracts an additional 6% from the company
 4% attracts additional 7%
 >=5% attracts additional 8% from the company (this is to be stressed!)

 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
   
 NCR stock up to 10% of monthly salary can be bought at a 15% discount
 The price paid for shares is the lower of the stock price at the start and end of each quarter

 HOLIDAY
   
 24 days plus bank holidays
 Employees may purchase up to 5 more days extra leave per year

 TRAINING
   
 Full access to Pluralsight provides employees world class technical and soft-skills training material. Other training provided on a needs basis.

 Further benefits that you typically need to pay for or contribute towards to get more than the default:
   
 MEDICAL INSURANCE (company contributes 50% of your cover)
 DENTAL INSURANCE
 GROUP LIFE ASSURANCE
 TOP UP LIFE
 GROUP INCOME PROTECTION
 CRITICAL ILLNESS
 PERSONAL ACCIDENT
 CASH PLAN
 CHILDCARE VOUCHERS
 HEALTH ASSESSMENT
 HOLIDAY BUY
 CYCLE TO WORK
 LIFESTYLE DISCOUNTS
 MY GYM DISCOUNTS



   Offers of employment are conditional upon passage of screening criteria applicable to the job.
 


   EEO Statement
   Integrated into our shared values is NCR's commitment to diversity and equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, age, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, military service, genetic information, or any other characteristic or conduct protected by law. NCR is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. Every individual at NCR has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment.
 

 Statement to Third Party Agencies
   To ALL recruitment agencies: NCR only accepts resumes from agencies on the NCR preferred supplier list. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, NCR employees, or any NCR facility. NCR is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.
 
