
Staff Engineer
Holborn, Coventry, Manchester
Do all this and more
Work alongside multiple teams on projects and efforts that have strategic value to the company. Embrace the challenges through driving tech design, up-levelling the teams, keeping tech standards high and building relations between the (domains) to ensure optimal technical decision making across wider ecosystem of Sainsbury’s tech. And of course, enjoy being hands- on developer choosing where your skills make the most difference.
Through technology, we’re changing the world we live in for the better. Shouldn’t you?
Why join us
We’re a 150+ year-old business that operates on an incredible scale. There’s data from our 10 million+ Nectar users, days like Black Friday that make Argos the 3rd biggest website in the UK, and supply chain integration that gets the right products to the right locations on time, every time.
The tech we use is bang up to date (state of the art), whether we’re in the cloud deploying over a 1,000 microservices into AWS, Azure & GCP or streaming billions of messages on Kafka and building event-based solutions. This is where you can broaden your technical knowledge and help solve complex problems while using your Agile skills to develop our long-lived teams. As a Staff Engineer, you’ll help us bring together those complex horizontal outcomes that go beyond a single team and area. Throughout, you’ll be working with engineers and 3rd parties to deliver high quality and well-designed solutions.
What you’ll be doing

Work with the Head of Engineering to set and achieve strategic goals and objectives; help evaluate and drive technical decisions and plan teams development and support. Work with engineers at all levels, promoting technical
standards, sharing your expertise, helping them to find the best solutions while also giving them coaching and mentoring to set the teams for success and help them perform at their best. You will have flexibility to use your judgement and feedback to pick the challenges where your contribution is needed the most. you will be helping our engineers to be the best they can be.
Work with your peers from other areas to widen your knowledge, deliver broader solutions and ensure reusability of the tech and skills across different domains and also support each other.
In all, it’s a role that will see you act as a technical backbone, a point of contact and a coach and a guide. We have plans to expand our engineering entry programs and we want you to be a big part of that too, ensuring that we recruit the best talent and constantly raise the bar.

Who you are

There’s no question that you’re an experienced and passionate engineer, with both technical depth and breadth. You can take the initiative, evaluate risks and drive continuous improvement to get the best outcomes. You trust your judgement and analysis to contribute to complex decision making.
But you’ll also need the ability to become part of your teams and support them by leading from experience in what they’re doing. So, you should be strong in both technical and Agile mentorship, guiding on the engineering vision as well as helping them to increase their performance. Whether you specialise in software, data, infrastructure, or network, you’ll bring us programming language expertise and experience of software design and implementation.
Listening and interpersonal skills will be vital to build relations and influence. Your ability to adapt and embrace the challenge will be a good help in your journey through discovering the diversity of our tech and setting a path to big ambitions and bold changes.

What you could do in future

There’s a lot of scope for widening your skills in this role, because it allows you to move into different areas, cover lots of ground and really broaden your understanding of how the business works. When you want to take the next step up, a Principal Engineer role would help you build on everything that you’ve already learned and achieved. Your technical understanding will still be in play, but it’ll be as much about looking upwards and outwards — thinking about strategy and where we should be going and solving problems right across the technical organisation.

In return
You’ll enjoy all this and more:

Flexible working – tailored approach to balance your working from home and collaboration in the office, sensible freedom to shape your week and day working hours, offices in different locations
Colleague discount across our brands – Sainsbury’s, Argos and Habitat
Health cover
Holiday allowance
Bonus scheme
Pension plan
Special offers on gym memberships, restaurants, holidays, retail vouchers and more

We’re proud to be an equal opportunities employer that champions a diverse and inclusive culture with deep focus on Collaboration, Coaching and Community.
If you have any questions or special requirements, feel free to get in touch with us at careers@sainsburys.co.uk
Apply now.
#DTD #LI-JV1
