Job Summary
We are seeking a Developer to support the enhancement and further development of our platform build using FastAPI and Vue.JS. The role is ideal for someone who enjoys solving complex business problems and making a difference in a collaborative start-up environment.
The successful candidate will have at least 4 years’ experience developing web applications and have a passion for web technologies. Our stack is FastAPI and VueJS, but we are open to using other new and exciting technologies! This is a fantastic opportunity if you are looking to work with leading edge web technology, learn new things daily, and contribute innovative ideas to a growing platform.
Our Company
We are a team of technologists and financial advisers dedicated to transforming the wealth management business. We believe the industry needs a major overhaul to provide the best wealth management tools and advice to everyone not just a limited few.
Join us as we embark on the exciting next phase of our business and platform development.
What you’ll do

Application development using FastAPI and Vue.JS
Integrating with 3rd party APIs.
Build new features and enhancements.
Proactively identify system enhancements
Work with clients and end users to scope out future system developments

Required Skills and Experience

Expertise with Python and related tools (Poetry, SQLAlchemy)
Expertise with TypeScript and related tools (npm, vite, Vitesse, cypress.io)
Using SQL databases such as Postgres
Experience building and interacting with RESTful APIs.
Familiarity with GNU/Linux
Git Version control
Track record of meeting business problems with technology solutions
Thrive in a team environment and work well with others

Nice to haves

Financial services experience
AWS
QuickSight
Docker
Data science/Machine Learning experience
Mobile development

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £40,000.00-£50,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company pension
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (preferred)

Work Location: Remote