
Software Engineer (UK) 


Why Pizza Hut Digital & Technology?


 We love pizza. We eat it a lot. There’s no doubt about that and we’re proud of it. But what makes us different is that it’s our people that drive the success of our business.
 Pizza Hut Digital & Technology (PHD&T) is transforming the way Pizza Hut & franchises provide our digital capability. We want to make it easy to get the best pizza and digital is at the core for this. We are committed to building innovative digital solutions, providing our customers with an exceptional experience. From building a world-class platform and clean mobile experiences we are pushing the boundaries to ensure we are a source of innovation.


 What you’ll do…


 As a Software Engineer at PHD&T, you'll have the opportunity to be part of one of several exciting streams of work. Help build out a design system that caters to a world-wide audience and reduces the time to iterate on new features and ideas. You’ll play an integral part in the build of a new e-commerce platform using new technologies, platforms and partners like GraphQL, NestJS, React, React Native, Contentful & AWS. Design and present new initiatives, software and architecture & design patterns to your peers and get the support to your creations through to fruition. Engineering at PHD&T gives you the space, freedom and tools to grow as an individual whilst supporting you with a strong team ethos that cares about delivering on outcomes.

 
Please note, we are looking for a variety of experience levels for this role. 


Responsibilities:

Work as a team member in one of our agile teams
Work closely with a technology lead, a product lead and our partners/vendors
Help analyse business problems and break down new features into manageable development tasks
Deliver new features for our global websites with a high degree of independence
Build new React components, API endpoints for node.js services or AWS infrastructure as code
Write unit or end-to-end tests as appropriate to ensure your code will keep working as expected, help maintain conformance to code linting rules
Help peer review code written by your teammates and work with others to improve our code quality together
Help us support our platforms in production and troubleshoot any production issues



 Who are we looking for?
 We are looking for individuals who are confident across the whole stack of a modern web application. It'd be helpful, but not mandatory if you are well versed in:

Have experience in JavaScript and Typescript (front-end and back-end)
Experience with Node
Experience with React
Familiarity with SQL/NoSQL databases and event-driven architecture
Experience with AWS (SQS, SNS, DynamoDB, ECS, CloudFront, Lambda, etc).
Ability to read, write, and speak English fluently
Experience with React Native
Experience using Terraform with AWS
Experience with DevOps methodologies and practices



 What you’ll get from us:
 At PHD&T you will be part of a multicultural and dynamic team. Where innovation, collaboration and Pizza is in our core.

Highly competitive base salary
Flexibility in how you work and where! Attending the office only when it matters and to engage and collaborate with colleagues
Half day Fridays (1pm finish!)
Generous maternity/paternity leave and shared parental leave
Private healthcare and up to 11% matched pension plan
25 days holiday increasing to 30 days with length of service, and your birthday off!


5 additional days holiday (pre-determined) 
International career opportunities across our group
Company and performance related bonus 


Pick ‘n’ Mix Benefits with flexible options including gym membership, health screening, dental plans and travel insurance



 Don’t meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that some demographics are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At PHD&T, we are committed to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you feel you are suited to this role but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with everything listed in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway – you may be the perfect candidate for this or other roles we have available!
