

Saab is a global defence and security company in the fields of air, land and naval defence, civil security and commercial aeronautics. We number 18,000+ employees and have operations on all continents. Technologically we are leaders in many areas, and one fourth of our earnings are spent on research and development.
 At Saab, we are constantly looking ahead and pushing boundaries on what´s considered technically possible. Saab is expanding in the UK and we are now seeking X4 talented and highly motivated Software Developers for Runtime Platform to support our radar and electronic warfare operations at our Farnborough office, this is truly a unique opportunity. 
What you will become a part of
 Business Area Surveillance offers effective solutions for surveillance, decision support and systems used to detect and deter different kinds of threats. The product portfolio includes airborne, land based and marine radar systems, systems for signal reconnaissance, command and communications systems as well as systems for leading seafaring vessels and air traffic.
 You will be a part of the business unit Radar Solutions which is responsible for the radar development and more specifically the engineering organization with headquarters in Gothenburg Sweden but based in the Farnborough office.
 The engineering organization consists of a number of departments where you will belong to the department called Computer platforms and the section Runtime Platform Surface Design which is responsible for the runtime platforms for our land based and naval radar systems.
 Your role at Saab
 Being a developer within Runtime Platform at Saab means that your main assignment is to configure operating systems, networks and firewalls based on the requirements set by the sub system responsible. You perform this work as a part of a team consisting of developers, sub system engineers and sub system verification engineers. Your team will mainly be responsible for the configuration of the runtime platforms for our UK customer’s existing radar systems as well as new systems and upgrades for that customer but will also take part in the development of our common processing platform.
 Your team will primarily be based in Farnborough, UK but will spend a considerable amount of training and working in Gothenburg, Sweden, especially at the beginning of your employment.
 Who you are today

 As a person you are positive, social, result oriented and a team player with a background or education within IT, programming, data science or systems engineering.
 You have experience working with different Linux distributions.
 You are comfortable with explaining technical solutions for the team and stakeholders.
 You like working in a team and cooperating with other but are capable of working individually as well.
 Handling unexpected problems is a natural part of reality and you choose simple and effective solutions to those problems.
 You are also open to explore other disciplines of engineering and have a will to develop both professionally and personally.
 You agree with our core values of “Trust, Drive and Expertise”.
 During your employment you will handle tasks and materials that are classed as military secrecy and therefore you must have a UK or Swedish citizenship.

 What benefits do we offer?

 Flexible working arrangements (Hybrid)
 Pension – 6% company pay – after probation
 Annual Leave – 30 days + Bank Holidays
 Sickness – 10 days full pay in a calendar year
 Private Medical insurance for employees (after probation)
 Simply health – cash back (after probation)
 Group income protection scheme - Covers long term or permanent illness - minimum of continuous 13 weeks leave of sickness absence
 Death in service insurance - a lump sum currently 5 x basic salary (pre-salary sacrifice) death benefit should the employee die whilst employed by the Company up to the age of 70 or the state pension age (whichever is greater)
 Employee assistance programme - An Employee 24 hour helpline on everyday issues covering family, money and work, health and wellness consultations
 Cycle to work scheme (after probation)
 Shared matching Scheme
 Tax free childcare (after probation)

 Saab is also a company with opportunities. A company where we see diversity as an asset and where you have both considerable responsibility and good opportunities for advancing in your career. But also a company that respects each person’s needs for a rewarding life beyond work.

