
Would you like to join a world leader in subsea control systems in a multi-disciplinary engineering team?

 Do you enjoy developing mission critical embedded software?

 Job Purpose As an embedded software developer, you are responsible for the development, integration and maintenance of new and existing embedded software systems for Subsea Control Modules using both structured C and object orientated C++. The successful candidate will also be collaborating with the central research team to align the firmware development processes and code structure across the wider business.

 About The Team We devise smarter systems to control and monitor oil and gas extraction. Innovating in the energy industry, our subsea and surface pressure capabilities are industry-leading. Our global team is responsible for the successful delivery of innovative product and system designs for our customers.

 Responsibilities

 Developing and adapting of embedded software for systems using C and C++
 Project and production support producing XML based configurations for our Subsea Electronic Modules and troubleshooting problems within the XML configuration.
 Leading, contributing to and participating in design and code reviews and producing deliverables for such reviews
 Developing distributed systems utilising various communications protocols such as Modbus RTU, Modbus TCP, CAN, Ethernet UDP and TCP etc and the integrations and support of system components.
 Developing Python based support tools to replace legacy software tools or to help integrate new services or features.


 Requirements

 Have a relevant qualification in Software Engineering/Electronics, and established experience in and industrial setting.
 Have some experience using and an understanding of C/C++ XML, Python, Java
 Have experience in utilizing communications protocols such as Modbus and UDP, CAN, TCP Etc.
 Possess some knowledge of FPGAs


 Flexible Working
 The following flexible working options are available for this role

 Working flexible hours - flexing the times when you work in the day to help you fit in everything in and work when you are the most productive
 Hybrid working - the options to work remotely for part of the working week.


 About Us:

   We are an energy technology company that provides solutions to energy and industrial customers worldwide. Built on a century of experience and conducting business in over 120 countries, our innovative technologies and services are taking energy forward – making it safer, cleaner and more efficient for people and the planet.
 

 Join Us:

   Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company that values innovation and progress? Join us and become part of a team of people who will challenge and inspire you! Let’s come together and take energy forward.
  
 Baker Hughes Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
 
