
JOB DESCRIPTION
 GENERAL INFORMATION

 Job Title: Junior SQL Developer
 Reporting to: Head of IT
 Salary: £30k-£35k per annum plus benefits
 Contractual hrs 37.5 hours excluding lunch breaks, Monday to Friday, 9.00 am to 5.30 pm with potential for out of hours call out over the weekends. Hybrid working permitted. office 60% per week minimum with 40% from home. (Part time hours will also be considered).
 Location: Tyne Dock Office, South Shields, Port of Tyne, Tyne & Wear NE33 5SP
 ROLE SUMMARY
 This will be a full-time role to maintain our Datawarehouse SQL databases and develop custom reports. We are looking for a SQL developer with a keen interest in advancing technology and keeping pace with emerging trends. This role will work SSRS, SSAS, SSIS, Microsoft Dynamics, Azure and Power BI . This will be a dynamic role with the chance to expand your knowledge in new areas & technologies such as Power platform, Dynamic365 applications and other E-Commerce integration platforms (Scribe, Linnworks,) etc.
 KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

 Take responsibility for the companys data warehousing project, providing end-to end management of architecture, ETL, maintenance and data quality
 Design & develop DB solutions to support any future business requirements.
 Shape JMLs future data strategy by looking at new data & database technologies.

 ABOUT YOU - AREAS OF KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE

 Minimum of 2 years of experience as SQL developer with SQL Server either 2008 R2, 2012 or 2016 Essential
 Minimum 1 year experience in Microsoft Power BI-Essential
 Strong SQL development skills using T-SQL Essential
 SSIS, SSRS, SSAS and data warehousing Essential
 Experience with ETL and data loading/migration approaches Essential
 Any other programming experience (E.G. C++, C#, VB.net, HTML, CSS, JavaScript) Desirable


 Must be self-motivated with a very clear understanding of service and delivery
 Ability to take ownership and stay with a query until full resolution
 A good communicator with empathy for users
 Calm, positive and resourceful, especially when under pressure
 Able to handle multiple issues, together with good organisational and planning skills
 Ability to prioritise work load
 Excellent troubleshooting skills
 Good interpersonal skills
 Well-presented and articulate
 Excellent time management
 Hands on with a can do attitude
 Being a team player, sharing information, documentation and experience with the rest of the team.


