




About The Role

 






The options for software developers are endless! Driven by the speed of business and the continuous developments in technology, FDM is seeking the next generation of specialists to join our Software Development Graduate Programme and fast track their way to a senior role.
 On the FDM Software Development Graduate Programme, you will undergo industry recognised training before putting that into practice by working on projects with one of our industry leading clients. This programme will provide you with multiple future career opportunities ranging from Software Developer and Systems Developer to more specialised roles such as Web Developer.
 The role will be varied, with the chance to work with a cross-functional team in an agile environment with a variety of fresh challenges. This is a role for those eager to learn and help improve business functions.
 Through our programme you’ll be equipped with knowledge and skills across object orientated Software Development focusing on Java/C#. You will be involved in Web App development using coding languages such as HTML, CSS and React. Alongside this you will learn Data Access skills including SQL and UML to help you to assist in managing large quantities of data. This will provide you with a strong foundation upon which you can build a diverse and successful career.







About You

 







Minimum Qualifications


Degree level qualification (2:2 or higher)
Excellent communication skills
Proven ability to work in a team
Demonstrable interest and desire to work in technology
Commitment to at least two years of further employment with FDM upon completion of training period
The right to work in the UK


What we offer you


You will have the opportunity to develop your skills in several languages such as Python, Java, .Net and JavaScript frameworks
Training is provided by industry experts, covering both technical and professional skills, to ensure you are job-ready
Ongoing career support throughout your entire FDM journey including continued professional development, mentoring and networking events
Chance to launch a career in one of the most in-demand tech fields
A full-time contract with a salary from day 1 of training








About Us

 






Our people are our passion and that's why we make your training and career growth our priority. We are a global professional services provider focusing on IT and one of the UK's leading graduate employers, recruiting the brightest talent to become the innovators of tomorrow. With centres across Europe, North America and Asia-Pacific, and nearly 5000 consultants currently placed on client site around the world, FDM has shown exponential growth throughout the years, firmly establishing itself as an award-winning FTSE 250 employer.

 Diversity and Inclusion
 FDM Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or any other status protected by federal, provincial or local laws.
      






