
Do you have strong technical knowledge of programming languages and best practice coding standards? Are you someone who can lead, coach, and manage people to get the best out of them? Do you enjoy learning new technologies?
 If your answer is 'yes' to all of these, keep reading.

Want to know a little about us?
 At Novuna, we care about building a better tomorrow. With a focus on sustainability, and a passion for phenomenal customer experiences, we provide consumers and businesses with the capital they need to realise their ambitions.
 We're proud to be a Top 50 Inclusive employer, and we're number 15 in Glassdoor's Top 50 Employer list.

What does the role involve?
 Reporting to the Software Engineering Manager, as a Lead Developer you'll work on a pivotal project that enhances our risk systems which enable Novuna to deliver fair customer outcomes when deciding to extend payment terms for our retail and personal lending offerings. You'll lead a team of developers who provide services to the credit decisioning front-end interface that our Credit Risk teams use to consider customer referrals.
 Some of your key duties will include:

Lead and guide the development effort, providing strategic direction on technology and approaches to front end development practices
Provide technical support and guidance for the team, acting as an escalation point for the projects/squads
Identify opportunities for use of automation and tools to drive efficiencies
Provide coaching and mentoring to enhance the capability with the team


What are we looking for?
 You'll have strong technical skills and will have a proven track record of leading and mentoring team members in a supportive and continually improving development environment.
 Also, we're looking for the following:

Strong technical knowledge of one or more of the following - Java, JavaScript/TypeScript, AWS, Angular, React
Adept in leading best practice development approaches across multiple development disciplines
Strong stakeholder management skills, coupled with the ability to communicate effect at all levels with the organisation
Strong organisation and prioritisation skills; with the ability to plan development and manage through to implementation and an adaptable approach to prioritise work effectively


What can we offer you?
 At Novuna we take our people promise seriously. If you join us, you'll have a chance to make a difference, opportunities to learn, and time to shine.
 In addition to a market-benchmarked salary and excellent bonus scheme, our offer to you includes:

Company car or cash alternative – with fantastic EV incentives
Flexible hybrid working
25 days' holiday, plus bank holidays and the option to buy/sell 5 days
Full wellbeing package including BUPA, digital GP service, 24/7 employee assistance, plus wellbeing events throughout the year


What's the next step?
 Interested? Start your application today and see what Novuna can offer you.
 Novuna is a consciously inclusive employer, and we encourage applicants from all backgrounds.
 #LI-Hybrid





