Do you want to help empower leading precision medicine programs? Are you an expert with Python looking to make an impact at a growing organisation and help save lives?
Our client, who are a genomics data analytics company, are hiring for a variety of levels of Python engineers. Whether you are a senior level coder who wants to continue to sharpen their coding abilities or an engineer looking to make architectural decisions/lead a team, we have a position for you. You will be working on scalable software to help keep pace with a rapidly evolving industry.
You will need to be an expert in Python and have a great understanding of public clouds and Kubernetes. As a recognised leader in the genomic analysis of rare diseases and inherited cancers, this a real opportunity to not only work with top quality engineers, but to make a difference in the world! We have three different roles available, Senior Engineer, Principal Engineer and Tech Lead depending on where you are in your career and what you enjoy doing.
Required skills/experience:

High level Python programming.
Public cloud experience (ideally AWS).
A good understanding of Kubernetes.

Role responsibilities:

Senior Engineer: Hands on Python coding working around APIs.
Principal Engineer: Operate at an architectural level working on system design with the Head of Architecture.
Tech Lead: Blend of hands on coding, mentorship and focusing around delivery.

These are hybrid positions with an expectation to visit the Cambridge office once per month. Other benefits include a substantial bonus, competitive salary of up to £100,000, private healthcare and flexible working.
Python / AWS / Kubernetes / Data / Genomics / Hybrid / Cambridge / Senior / Principal / Tech Lead
Franklin Bates is a leading IT recruitment consultancy specialising in Software Development, Cloud, & Data. We provide high quality contract, interim and permanent IT professionals to a broad range of technology companies within the UK.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £80,000.00-£100,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company pension
Flexitime
Private medical insurance
Sick pay
Work from home

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme

Work Location: Hybrid remote in CambridgeFlexitime