
The University of Nottingham Students’ Union




Location:


     University Park
    




Closing Date:


     Thursday 11 May 2023
    




Reference:


     SU301
    




The University of Nottingham Students’ Union seeks a;
 Web Developer
 Full Time, 35 hours per week
 Permanent Contract
 Who are we and what do we do?
 Here at the University of Nottingham Students’ Union, we are a connected student community. A brilliant, diverse, ambitious community, 38,000 strong. We are proudly independent from the university and right at the heart of student life. We’re a diverse community from first-year undergraduates to research students, elected student Officers and staff, to volunteers, pioneers, and so much more. Together, we are getting involved, making change and supporting each other, making student life at the University of Nottingham the very best it can be.
 We are one of the largest Students’ Union in the country, connecting 38,000 student members to share, support and inspire each other while at University. As a registered charity we act as the recognised representative body of all students at the University, and every student is automatically a member free of charge. We provide a range of activities, events, campaigning, commercial and professional services that benefit and support students to get involved, find support and make change.
 We support students to share and voice their views on academic life and the wider University experience and have strong student leadership in fifteen full and part time elected student representatives. We provide an Advice service to help students with academic, housing and financial issues and welfare support. There is a diverse range of social, cultural, sporting and recreational activities and many opportunities for personal development. We work with and support events and activities through the student committees of over 300 societies, 70 sports clubs, media groups, student halls and residents associations and other student communities. Through our trading company, UNU Services Limited, we run two SPAR shops, a bar, coffee shop, clothing shop, zero-waste shop and a print shop. Our annual financial turnover, for the charity and trading company combined is in excess of £11m annually.
 If you like working in a vibrant and fast changing environment, you will enjoy working with us at the University of Nottingham Students' Union.
 The Role
 An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Web Developer. We’re looking for someone who will lead on the development, updating and maintaining the Students’ Union website and online presence. Working closely with the Web Designer, this role will support and enable the Union to meet the digital communication needs of our current and future students by developing new technologies and pushing our brand online.
 You will drive the web development projects and contribute to updates, improvements, general design and build projects as required. This involves working closely with in-house teams and supporting student groups. The role will also manage the membership database and liaise with the University for data imports.
 Ideally you will be a hybrid Front-End Developer/Designer, comfortable working individually as well as part of a close team. You will be good at hand-coding production ready HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (JQuery) and will have previously developed and implemented WordPress themes.
 Our People Offer
 When you come to work @UoNSU you bring your skills, experience, talent, commitment and a desire to do a great job. Our Students’ Union prides itself on being inclusive, working collaboratively and empowering individuals to be the best they can. In return we want to be an employer where every member of the staff team feels valued, trusted, inspired, and able to grow and to have fun. We welcome people from different cultures, ethnicities and beliefs – this very diversity is vital to our success, it is fundamental to our values and enriches life on campus. We value diversity, promote equity and challenge discrimination. We are on a journey to increase the diversity of our staff team and we would like to encourage applications from disabled, LGBT+ and Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic backgrounds to better reflect the diverse community we serve.
 Salary: Band D is £23,086 - £30,500 pa dependent on experience. Please note that it is usual practice that new starters begin at the bottom of the band.
 We offer a range of employee benefits which support employee wellbeing such as flexi-time, flexible working, generous holiday allowance, generous staff pension, paid Union closure days, wellbeing activities, learning and development opportunities and much more.
 For a full role profile, role dimensions, person specification and to apply please go to the Students’ Union website
 As part of your application, please include links to websites you have previously developed and any other links regarding social presence you feel are professionally relevant to the role.
 https://su.nottingham.ac.uk/about/work-for-us
 Closing date: Midnight Thursday 11th May 2023
 Interviews: Wednesday 24th May 2023
 Please note, applications from agencies will not be accepted at this stage
