Candidates must have a strong academic background typically with a masters or PhD in a numerate subject such as physics, engineering or maths. We look for candidates with the aptitude to learn quickly and take on our customers’ most challenging problems. We help our staff develop the skills they need through on-the-job training coupled with readily available support and guidance. Although not a pre-requisite, capabilities in any of the following areas are of particular interest:

RF system design and implementation
Signal processing algorithm design
Software development (eg C/C++)
VHDL implementation for FPGAs
Analogue/digital electronics design and implementation
PCB schematic capture and layout

As we are a small company everyone must be able to present their work to clients. Strong verbal and written presentation skills are therefore essential.
The work we undertake is driven by our clients’ needs so we are looking for flexible individuals with a good range of skills and an enthusiasm to learn new ones. The projects range from a few days to several months and provide a wide variety of challenges.
Working for a small company provides an excellent opportunity to be involved in all aspects of the business. The high degree of personal responsibility and close customer contact makes the work both technically demanding and rewarding.
Job Description
Experienced software developers work on their own projects and support junior developers in their work. They use a range of different technologies to meet our customers varied requirements.
You will:

be self-motivating, capable of working independently
have a good (1st/2.1) undergraduate degree or a PhD in a numerate discipline
have a strong academic background typically including A’s in A level Maths and Physics
have strong verbal and written presentation skills
have 3 or more years software development experience
have developed and maintained complex real-world systems
understand the importance of clear, efficient software design
be familiar with using and configuring Linux systems

You will have experience of some of these skills:

software development in C/C++
software development in Python/MATLAB
GUI development in HTML/Javascript
source control systems using Subversion or Git

You will be responsible for:

developing novel signal and image processing applications
developing secure Cross Domain Solutions
developing user interfaces in HTML/Javascript
providing support and training to our customers in using the software
mentoring and leading others.

Location
All our work is done on-site at our offices in Guildford. We offer flexitime with core working hours being 10am-4pm Monday-Thursday.
Security Clearance
Due to the nature of our work, all our staff are required to go through security clearance. Therefore we can only accept applications from UK nationals.
Applications
CVs must include candidate's A-level results (or equivalent) and university degree.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £45,000.00-£100,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company pension
Flexitime
Life insurance
Profit sharing
Referral programme

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Performance bonus

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Guildford: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Application question(s):

Are you a UK national capable of obtaining security clearance?

Education:

Bachelor's (required)

Work Location: In personFlexitime