
Job Description:

 Quant Developer, Fidelity, London
 Fidelity Digital Assets is looking for a driven Quant Developer to advance the research and development of AI/ML methods as components to creative investment management solutions.
 Come join a start-up within Fidelity to prototype, learn, and ultimately deliver solutions using techniques within financial machine learning, artificial intelligence, and sophisticated data analytics!
 You will have a strong programming background with experience combining statistical modelling, machine learning methods and cloud computation within a STEM environment.
 It will be important for a candidate to be curious, creative, and agile in learning and apply software engineering practices to our research framework.
 Principal Responsibilities

 Work to develop new machine learning solutions within asset management with a focus on alpha research
 Train and tune machine learning models and hyper-parameters
 Research, evaluate, explore and optimize new algorithms
 Validate model inputs and outputs
 Research and implement appropriate ML algorithms and tools
 Develop machine learning applications according to requirements
 Run machine learning tests and experiments
 Perform statistical analysis and fine-tuning using test results
 Stay on top of developments in the ML/FML field
 Evaluate new data sources and systems for potential use cases


 Qualifications

 BSc/MSc degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or other quantitative field.
 Proficiency in Python, C and SQL required
 Knowledge of the principles of machine learning, classification models, time series regression and stochastic statistics to deliver improved business performance
 Deep knowledge of data structures, data modelling and software architecture
 Experience developing AI/ML cloud solutions such as AWS and Azure
 Excellent time management, organizational and interpersonal skills as well as attention to detail
 Positive attitude and self-motivated with ability to learn quickly, adjust to changes and think creatively
 Excellent communication skills

 Additional Information
 At Fidelity, we are passionate about making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want! We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associate for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com. Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.

 Certifications:

