

Are you an experienced Developer, passionate about creating an excellent user experience across consumer-facing platforms?

 In this newly created role, our Full Stack Developer will provide technical expertise to grow our consumer-facing owned channels across our entire Penguin digital channel estate, which includes Penguin Books and many, many more. The aim is clear, to create an excellent and cohesive user experience that delights and engages our growing audience.
 
This role has been designed to be at the heart of our user experience and the role holder will work collaboratively with Engineers, Testers and third-party development agencies, to deliver features and services that meet our Brand strategy and ensure these technologies and systems remain stable, secure and consistently meet our business objectives. We want you to champion agile working to deliver continuous service improvement and exceptional customer experience to end-users.

 About Brand

 Our Brand division houses a number of central areas of specialist expertise which support and work closely with Penguin’s nine publishing houses to connect our books and authors with readers. The department, made up of around 65 people, includes experts from digital marketing, brand, communications, design, consumer insights, events production and more.

 The iconic Penguin brand – the only consumer-facing brand in publishing – sits at the heart of what we do. With the recent rapid growth in online sales, we have an exciting opportunity to leverage the power of our brand to help new and different readers discover our books and to champion the causes we care about. We’ve recently undergone an internal reorganisation in our department to help us take advantage of this unique opportunity, which includes building a leading digital marketing team and platform.

 Some of your responsibilities will include:


 Participating in all aspects of agile software development, including design, implementation, and deployment.
 Ensuring Site and CMS performance and maintaining high standards for code quality and application design.
 Working with agile development methodologies, adhering to best practices and pursuing continued learning opportunities.
 Designing and developing our website’s architecture as well as building new features and functionalities.
 Developing new features and infrastructure in support of rapidly emerging business and project requirements.
 Building, maintaining and implementing new themes and plugins.
 Building the website front-end and conducting website performance tests.
 Analysing website performance and troubleshooting errors.
 Handling the backend of the website, including database and server integration.
 Ensuring high-performance and managing all the technical aspects of the CMS.
 Maintaining a well-documented and reusable code.
 Developing new sites and sections from briefs.
 Helping formulate an effective, responsive design and turning it into working themes and plugins.


 Candidate Profile:


 Good experience as an established Wordpress Developer.
 Knowledge of multiple front end languages, including, PHP, HTML5, JavaScript, React / Next.js, SCSS, CSS, and JQuery. 
Good understanding of Web Architecture.
 Strong understanding of PHP back-end development and MySQL databases.
 Experience building user interfaces for websites or web applications.
 Experience designing and developing responsive design websites.
 A good understanding of CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers.
 Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages.
 Knowledge of how to interact with GraphQL data as well as RESTful APIs and formats (JSON, XML).
 Experience working with debugging tools.
 Experience in unit/integration testing.
 Experience working with off-site / remote Development teams.
 Experience with version control and releasing via Github, and CI/CD platforms e.g Buddy, GitHub Actions.
 Importantly, you’ll be collaborative, proactive and have an inclusive approach. You’ll be keen to contribute to the wider success of the Brand department.


 Our approach to hybrid working:

 While our offices are places for you to connect, collaborate and celebrate with colleagues, having flexibility about where you work is just as important for doing your best work and for your wellbeing. So, we don’t have a one-size-fits-all approach when it comes to how we work across Penguin Random House UK.

 For this role, there are regular meetings and activities that you will need to attend in person mainly at our offices in Nine Elms near Vauxhall. Outside of these moments, you can choose to work remotely.

 The exact balance of office to remote working can be discussed with your future manager during the recruitment process. What we can say now is that you won’t need to go into the office five days a week (unless of course you want to!)

 Please apply with your CV and cover letter by Sunday 9th April.

 
Salary: £40,000 - £50,000 depending on how your skills and experience align to the role, plus benefits.

 Our employees are the heart of our business. We have a range of benefits to reflect our commitment to our employees, some of which are:
  


27 days paid holiday entitlement in year one (plus bank holidays), increasing a day each year up to 30 days
Medical cover
Life assurance
Cycle to Work scheme
Discounted gym membership
Generous pension scheme
Summer working hours (role dependent)
Volunteering policy and charity matching
Employee Assistance programme
Mentoring programme
Extended gender neutral parental leave
Access to books and eBooks across Penguin Random House UK
Each site has trained mental health first aiders
We plant a tree for every new employee to our business



 Our creativity is inspired by different perspectives, so we want our culture to be one of belonging, where everyone feels welcome and where differences are celebrated.

 As a Disability Confident Committed organisation, we're part of the offer an interview scheme. This is where disabled applicants who meet the essential criteria for the role can opt in to get to the next recruitment stage. There may be some situations where volume of applicants means we can't take all eligible candidates to interview.

 We want to make sure disabled applicants can be their best at each step of the recruitment journey. If you need adjustments during the application process, we encourage you to get in touch with us at http://PRHCareersUK@penguinrandomhouse.co.uk. Remember, you only need to share what you are comfortable to for us to support your adjustment request. Find out more about our approach here: http://www.penguinrandomhousecareers.co.uk/applying-for-roles-with-a-disability

 We partner with The Book Trade Charity, who provide financial assistance for people looking to get into the publishing industry; you can find more information and talk directly here: https://btbs.org/grants
 Please note, we are not able to accept agency CVs for this role. Any CVs sent speculatively will not be eligible for a fee.

 Company: Penguin Books Limited
 Country: United Kingdom
 State/Region: London
 City: London
 Postal Code: SW11 7BW
 Job ID: 258669
