About us
We are a Global IT solutions company which was set up to provide managed end to end IT solutions for UK and US based organisations. Our headquarters is based in the UK, with offices in the US and Bangalore in India, where the technical operations are managed by UK professionals.
We have a dedicated team with over 30 years of IT experience with extensive range of technical and business skills. We have worked with some of the world’s largest corporations to build and maintain complex systems, clients such as HSBC, Xerox, Thomas Cook, Harvey Nichols, Schroders. We thrive on challenging projects that may sometimes appear to be an impossible mission to a mission perfected to meet our clients’ expectations. We get a ‘buzz’ from delivering an IT solution that not only works but delivers beyond our clients’ expectations.
In a fast-paced world of constantly updated technology, we're looking for a Software Engineer with the technical savvy to design, create and maintain interactive applications. To succeed in this role, you must be motivated by rapid growth and must strive to be the best. Our company is into making progress and we will do everything in our power to help you make progress too. The successful candidate is also required to be a self-starter who enjoys working in a collaborative environment, communicating with others and has a passion for continually learning new skills.

Strong front-end development experience with excellent knowledge of JavaScript and modern Single Page App frameworks (React, Vue.js, Angular, Svelte etc.)
Enthusiastic and experienced in using engineering best practices and writing clean and accessible code.
Experience working as part of an agile development team
Ability to explain complex technical ideas in a clear manner to peers who have no previous knowledge
Passion and enthusiasm for delivering great products

Skill Requirements • Educated to Bachelor's degree level (Science, TechnologyEngineering, Mathematics preferred) or equivalent qualification/work experience • Experience in a systems language (C, C++, Java, C# etc.) • Strong hands-on delivery track record, good exposure to computational concepts and excellent communication and interpersonal skills, both written and verbal • Cloud (particularly Google) experience is advantageous
Responsibilities:

Write good code.
Work under pressure.
Know what to do with a bug report.
Comply with company standards and policies.
Work with a team.,.

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £24,000.00-£25,600.00 per year
Benefits:

Casual dress
Childcare
Company pension
Employee discount
Flexitime
Free parking
Life insurance
On-site parking
Private medical insurance
Referral programme
Sick pay
Work from home

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme
Commission pay
Performance bonus
Tips
Yearly bonus

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Watford: reliably commute or be willing to relocate with an employer-provided relocation package (required)

Education:

Bachelor's (preferred)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Watford
Reference ID: 2136 Software Developers Expected start date: 01/03/2023Flexitime