
As a Software Engineer, you’ll enjoy delivering mission critical solutions to National Security customers whilst mentoring, guiding & developing the next generation of talent. This isn’t developing solutions that complete financial transactions faster, you’ll develop cutting edge product that protects people, platforms, missions and information against constantly changing threats.
 You’re a Software Engineer that enjoys developing novel products; leading, innovating and inventing by bringing the physical and digital together. It’ll involve consulting with customers, defining strategy and understanding how to apply emerging technologies
 Roke are a leading technology & engineering company with clients spanning National Security, Defence and Industry 4.0 through our Futures business. You will work alongside our customers to solve their complex and unique challenges.
 As our next Software Engineer, you’ll be delivering imaginative solutions in mission critical environments; making the extraordinary everyday.

 The Key Requirements...

 Significant experience working in environments that use modern software languages such as Python, Java or C#
 Experience mentoring, coaching or managing the next generation of talent.


 Built on a 60-year heritage, Roke offers specialist knowledge in sensors, communications, cyber, and AI. We change the way organisations think and act – through dynamic insights from the analysis of multiple layers of data. We take care of the innovative, technical stuff that keeps everyone safe – that’s our mission, passion, and motivation.
 Joining a team united by purpose and ambition, you’ll be at the heart of an exciting growth journey: we intend to double our headcount by 2027. At Roke, every individual counts. We push technical boundaries, together. We re-invest in product innovation, and we empower our people to make a difference.
 You will build novel solutions to complex problems in a diverse and welcoming culture where you have a voice. You will innovate and invent, working on projects that make a difference to the world.

 Where you’ll work…
 Alongside hybrid and flexible working options, you’ll find our Woking site in a modern building on the outskirts of London. Rated excellent for sustainability by BREEAM & Fitwel certified – you’ll feel better for visiting. This site provides key links to our customers in London, is a 5 minute walk from the train station, has secure parking nearby and dedicated cycle storage.

 The Benefits and Perks...

 Hybrid working: A minimum of 40% of your monthly hours working at your base/client location, subject to role/project requirements
 Flexi-time: Working hours to suit you and your life
 Annual bonus: Based on profit share and personal performance
 Private medical insurance: Includes cover for existing conditions
 Holiday: 25 days plus public holidays and your birthday off
 Chemring Share Save: Monthly savings into a 3 or 5 year plan.


 Clearances…
 Due to the nature of this role, we require you to be eligible to achieve SC and DV clearance. As a result, you should be a British Citizen and have resided in the U.K. for the last 5 years for SC and 10 years for DV.
 Higher level clearance bonuses can be considered upon application.

 The Next Step...

   Click apply, submitting an up-to-date CV. We look forward to hearing from you.
 
