


Job details




    Salary up to £55,000 per annum 
   

    LocationManchester
   

    DisciplineDigital Technology
   

    Reference008943
   




N Brown – who we are and why work for us?
At N Brown, we’re committed to building a diverse workforce and creating an inclusive environment that values equality for all. Our vision is that by ‘championing inclusion, we’ll become the most loved and trusted fashion retailer’. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion are, therefore, at the heart of our culture.
We’re a forward-thinking digital retailer with a financial services proposition to be proud of. We’re customer-obsessed, serving them through three core brands: JD Williams, Simply Be, and Jacamo. We’re experienced, with over 160 years of trading under our belt. We’re inclusive, as we believe in fashion without boundaries; and we’re sustainable, striving to make as little impact on the planet as possible.
The role
Here at N Brown, we are looking to recruit a Java Developer to join our Engineering team! You’ll be a part of a squad, developing our commercial websites and supporting software using modern development standards, technologies and techniques. As a Java developer your role will be to plan, develop, test and maintain software solutions to agreed timescales and quality standards.
What’s in it for you?

Hybrid working and flexible start times
24 days holiday (+ 8 bank holidays) with the option to buy an additional 10 days
Annual bonus scheme
Enhanced maternity and adoption leave
Company pension with up to 8% N Brown contribution
Mental Health support both internally and externally, including access to our wellbeing champions and counselling services
A range of financial wellbeing support
Colleague discount across all N Brown brands
Onsite café with subsidised rates and local restaurant discounts!
Life Assurance and Private Medical Insurance
Paid volunteer time – all our colleagues can take a full day paid to volunteer for a charity of their choice

What will you do as a Java Developer at N Brown?

Designing and implementing e-business applications/systems according to existing corporate software development standards
Producing system and user documentation outlining requirements, design, specifications and test plans
Carrying out maintenance and support of e-business systems during the development stage
Organising and managing time allocated tasks, highlighting conflicts in priorities and progress against plans, communicating any deviation in a timely manner
Actively participate in both formal and informal meetings and discussions towards structured deadlines
Proactively identifying issues or barriers and escalating or resolving accordingly

What skills and experience will you have?

Passion for well designed, testable and efficient code using modern design patterns and quality development principles
Experience in developing high quality, scalable and secure Java apps
Solid understanding of the full software development cycle
At least one popular web framework (Spring MVC, Servlets)
Experience with Javascript and Front-End Development
Experience with Unit Testing
An ability to not only follow, but collaboratively set development standards
Proactive identification of issues and barriers and escalating or resolving appropriately
Passion for user experience
Knowledge of Relational Databases, SQL and ORM technologies (e.g. Hibernate)
Experience working in or a good understanding of development in an agile environment

Our promise to you:
We’re an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, colour, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
What happens when you apply to a role at N Brown?
As soon as we receive your application, we’ll send you an email to let you know. We always aim to come back to you as soon as possible with an update and we really appreciate you taking the time to apply for a role with us. Good luck!


