About us 

 Solirius Consulting delivers technical consultancy and application delivery to our clients in order to solve real world problems and allow our clients to respond to an ever-changing technical landscape. We partner closely with our clients, embedding our consultants into their businesses in order to provide a bespoke service, allowing us to truly understand our clients’ needs. 

 It is this close collaboration with our clients that has enabled us to grow rapidly in recent years and will drive our ambitious future growth plans. We currently have over 250 consultants working with a variety of key clients from both the public and private sectors such as the Ministry of Justice, Department for Education, FCDOS, UEFA, International Olympic Committee and Mercedes Benz; with plans to increase our client base further in the near future. 

 We operate as a flat organisation and believe in trusting and supporting our team to operate independently. We pride ourselves on being specialists at what we do, making the most of our consultants’ expertise in their fields in order to provide a best-in-class service to our clients. All our consultants have the opportunity to work on a range of different projects, providing a broad range of knowledge on which to develop their careers and progress in the direction they choose. 

 The role 

 We are looking for an experienced .Net Developer to join our team here at Solirius. You will be working as part of a team, developing and delivering exciting projects with a fantastic team of technology experts. You will be a fundamental part of the team and will be an expert in your field/specialism. 


About you:
 Our team is our strongest asset, you will be an excellent team player who recognises the strength of the team as a whole and can find their role within the Solirius team. 


Typical qualities of a Solirius consultant are:
 Best in class technical skills in their sector 

 Outstanding communication skills 

 Strong interpersonal and team working skills 

 Self motivated, enthusiastic and committed 

 The ideal candidates will share our values and be aligned with our ways of working. 


Key Responsibilities:
 Develop .Net solutions for our clients/projects 

 Diagnostics and solutions for complex technical projects 

 Working collaboratively with the client and understanding their requirements 

 Working with a range of technical professionals to reach a desired outcome, including designing and delivering technical solutions. 


Key Skills/Experience:
 Extensive experience of software development with .Net C#, ASP.NET Core 

 Experience with API development 

 Applied experience of the .Net/.Net Core frameworks 

 Experience with one of Azure/AWS/GCP 

 Kubernetes, Docker 

 TDD/BDD 

 Experience working in an Agile development environment 

 Experience with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Angular 10+ would be an advantage 


Package and Benefits:
 Competitive salary, dependent on experience 

 Flexible working / Work from home 

 Generous annual discretionary bonus 

 25 days annual leave + bank holidays 

 10 days allocated development training per year 

 Contributory pension 

 Private healthcare cover 

 Gym membership 

 Annual away days and social events 

 Equality and diversity 

 Solirius Consulting is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to creating a work environment that supports, celebrates, encourages and respects all individuals and in which all processes are based on merit, competence and business needs. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, gender, sexuality, age, disability, ethnicity, marital status or any other protected characteristics. 

 Should you require further assistance or require any reasonable adjustments be put in place to better support your application process, please do not hesitate to raise this with us.