


MIS Developer
 Location: Head Office, West Bromwich, B70 8AF (Hybrid Working) 
Salary: c. £50,000 per annum 
Contract: Permanent 
Hours: 35 hours per week




 The Role
 Working as part of a team, or individually, the role holder should be able to perform a range of tasks involved in the development of Data Warehousing applications. All tasks must be carried out to departmental standards and to time scales agreed with the Data Solutions Development Manager
 Key responsibilities are:

 Working to agreed deadlines
 Developing solutions to site standards
 Accurate time recording against projects and weekly submission of the figures 
Working unsupervised most of the time
 Ensuring delivered solutions meet business requirements 

The skills and experience required are:

 The role in the Data Warehousing team requires specific technical skills, working with relational databases.
 Code tuning and support of live applications. 


Business Objects skills desirable to design and deploy universes, schedule reports and manage administration functions using SAP BI 4.2 
Good communications skills, both oral, and written.
 The job requires a minimum of 2 years’ experience within a relevant role.
 An ability to communicate effectively with both junior and senior members of staff.
 Proven ability to adapt to constantly changing deadlines and priorities.
 Experience to handle working in pressure situations, as tight deadlines are the norm for this job.
 Time/Work load management.

 What’s in it for you?
 We wholeheartedly believe that our people are our greatest asset, that’s why in addition to your salary you will be rewarded with a wide range of other benefits:

 At the West Brom you’ll have every opportunity to take the next step in your career. We provide excellent personal development and always look to promote from within wherever possible.
 Our Talent Management processes are running throughout our business, they fully aim to attract, on board, develop, motivate, and retain high-performing employees. We firmly believe our Talent management helps to improve business performance through practices that make employees more productive.
 Generous annual leave starting at 25 days + 8 bank holidays, (pro rata)
 Pension scheme where we will augment your contribution by 0.6% (Up to 10.6%)
 Social club membership – dozens of discounts available for a wide variety of family days out and events
 Performance related pay scheme
 Corporate health plan with the option to include family members
 Discounted travel cards
 West Brom staff car scheme
 Life assurance provided by the Society at 4 times your salary

 Why choose the West Brom? At the West Brom we appreciate that our employees are unique individuals with differing needs depending on their specific circumstances and stages in life. When we say our people are the West Brom’s biggest asset that doesn’t mean just viewing them as employees. We are proud of our heritage and absolutely believe that the West Brom is a great place to work.
 The West Brom are a Disability Confident employer and encourage disabled applicants and applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply. We will consider requests to make adjustments to our recruitment process and offer a guaranteed interview to disabled applicants meeting the essential criteria. Should you require assistance please do not hesitate to email careers@westbrom.co.uk.
 Check out our careers page to find out more about our culture, values and benefits. https://www.westbrom.co.uk/careers. If you share our values and our enthusiasm, then you will find at home at the West Brom.
 Do it today and click apply!   *Please note – We reserve the right to withdraw our adverts earlier than the original published expiry date, therefore if you are interested please submit your application as soon as possible*
 Head Office: 2 Providence Place West Bromwich B70 8AF. www.westbrom.co.uk The West Brom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. Register no. 104877. ‘the West Brom’ is a trading name of West Bromwich Building Society.



