We are BetVictor, one of the world’s largest independent Sports Betting and Online Gaming brands and an industry leader in betting innovation with customers in over 150 different countries.
We’re data driven with software at our core. Our world class developers and engineers write immaculate scalable code to support the growth of our brands worldwide. We are on a quest to find a like-minded Android Developer to join us and work alongside our existing Developers and Software Engineers.
Where you fit in
You will be joining a mobile development team and will develop and code on our industry leading apps, building features that focus on usability, simplicity, and performance.
All of this is necessary to provide the best possible native experience across a growing suite of apps. Our projects will keep you challenged and motivated and push you towards improving yourself as an Android Developer by learning with and from other leaders across the organisation and via your own directed self-learning.
Challenges you will be working on
You will have a significant impact on the entire development cycle as well as the direction of product and feature sets. Using elegant code solutions, translate feature requests and technical requirements into a set of reusable components.
We assist you in participating in and/or taking ownership of internal software architecture and feature development, from requirements gathering to design and implementation to production deployment. Development, operations, testing, and other teams collaborate to deliver high-quality code to production.
Who you are?
You have a strong working knowledge of the Android platform, as well as experience with Java and/or Kotlin.
With a strong interest in native mobile Android development and are well-versed in all aspects of modern development techniques and technologies.
You know a lot about OOP and design patterns, and you're a good problem solver with a keen eye for detail and critical thinking abilities.
Communicating with both technical and non-technical staff enthusiastically, clearly, and concisely.
You are up to date on the latest trends and technologies in mobile development.
How we hire

Initial chat with one of our Talent Acquisition Team
A professional conversation with our Technical Managers
Solving a take home Technical Challenge.
Final stage discussion about the task and to answer any final questions.

Relocation package?
If you are joining us here from abroad, our Talent Acquisition Team will take care of everything you need from booking and arranging your flights, taking care of accommodation whilst you settle in here and even helping to arrange a permanent place to live.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £45,000.00-£55,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company pension
Flexitime
Referral programme
Wellness programme
Work from home

Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Android: 1 year (preferred)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: RemoteFlexitime