
Front-Office Java Developer London


As a Barclays Front-Office Java Developer, you will be working in a dynamic Front-Office technology team, accountable for managing and developing enterprise-level Java based platform. Within this role, you will be working on a highly visible real-time Front-Office Risk Management platform, and you will also be analysing, designing, testing, and implementing risk components in a highly distributed, low latency platform.


Barclays is one of the world's largest and most respected financial institutions, with 329 years of success, quality, and innovation behind us. We offer careers that provide endless opportunity – helping millions of individuals and businesses thrive and creating financial and digital solutions that the world now takes for granted.

 We are currently in the early stages of implementing a hybrid working environment, which means that many colleagues spend part of their working hours at home and part in the office, depending on the nature of the role they are in. We’re flexible on how this works and it may continue to change and evolve. Depending on your team, typically this means that colleagues spend a minimum of between 20% to 60% of their time in the office, which could be over a week, a month, or a quarter. However, some colleagues may choose to spend more time in the office over a typical period than their role type requires. We also have a flexible working process where, subject to business needs, all colleagues globally can request work patterns to reflect their personal circumstances. Please discuss the detail of the working pattern options for the role with the hiring manager.



What will you be doing?
 • Contributing to the development of low latency messaging components
  

Optimizing processes to achieve hardware efficiencies
Facetiming with traders and other business users both for understanding new feature requests and providing support
Focusing on high availability, performance, and reliability
Providing second level supporting of the application
Integrating closely with traders for new requirements and business flows
Liaising with teams across regions to build a cross regional working model
Making solid decisions using analytical skills and working on different project priorities which should be reflected in test planning and test execution





What we’re looking for:
 • Extensive experience in Java advanced concepts and Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) patterns, low latency, multithreading, collections, concurrency, optimization
  

Familiarity with java related technologies e.g., Maven, Spring
Experience in middleware messaging technologies e.g., Solace/TIBCO software/Rendezvous (RV)
Reasonable experience with relational database





Skills that will help you in the role:
 • Solid experience designing core Java based applications and distributed architectures
  

Working knowledge of KDB and Q, Linux
Keen eye for troubleshooting and problem solving
Ability to produce well-tested, documented, high-performance code to tight schedules




Where will you be working? In the heart of Canary Wharf, our headquarters at Churchill Place boasts onsite amenities such as: a gym, staff restaurant and deli bar, and is easily accessible by tube and bus links. With a population of around 5000 staff the atmosphere is second to none with a real buzz being created around the offices within.



#LI-Hybrid #software
