



    LOCATION
   

 Waterloo, London


       Hybrid
     





     SALARY
   
 £60k-£75k





     TECHNOLOGIES USED
   



       Python
     



       Azure
     







     OUR CLIENT
   
 Global Energy Company

     SPECIALTY
   
 Upstream/Downstream, Bio-Fuels, Integrated Gas, New Energies, Chemicals, Energy and Trading

     INDUSTRY
   
 Energy

     COMPANY SIZE
   
 80000+ Employees





     AUBAY'S TAKE
   
 Our client is one of the Super Major global energy companies with who are working to power progress through cleaner energy solutions. You will have the opportunity to work in a challenging but rewarding environment that is fast paced and changing fundamentally, and work towards transforming the business of a Super Major energy company to meet the ambition to be a net-zero emissions energy business by 2050, whilst delivering a world class business case that has a strong societal license to operate. In your role you will be expected to enact change and deliver value globally across business lines and geographies.





     EMPLOYEE TESTIMONIAL
   


     What sets Aubay apart is that their whole process is built on trust and transparency. Before joining Aubay, I had a very good job which I had been at for four years. The excitement of the opportunity to join [a Global Energy company] encouraged me to take the leap, but the trust and transparency with Aubay is what translated that into action. I trust that Aubay can take you to the next level in your career and can be a long-term partner. In terms of taking a jump in your career, they help you manage that risk
   





     BENEFITS FROM AUBAY
   

     At Aubay UK, people are at the heart of our business. We offer a competitive remunerations package which includes a range of benefits. You will receive continuous support from our dedicated team of Talent Acquisition Specialists who will support your career development and success during your assignment with our client.
   





        25 Days Annual Leave
      




        Perkbox Discount Scheme
      




        Work From Home Opportunities
      




        Pension Scheme
      




        Opportunities to Work Directly with our Client
      




        Training Opportunities
      




        Discount Holidays at I'Aero Chalet
      









 HAVE QUESTIONS?
 Contact Fernanda
 Email - frozan@aubay.com









Role Summary

     Aubay is seeking a Senior Software Engineer who has strong Python skills and previous experience within a banking or trading environment to join our Global Energy client’s software engineering team. We are looking for a Software Engineer who has experience in best practices, delivering software products/applications generating business value. You are expected to have a continuous improvement mindset and drive value-based process and product/application optimization.
   




 Key Accountabilities

 Solution consultation and development in accordance to the enterprise technology principles, methods, standards, and practices.
 Estimation, solution design, detailed technical design, application technical deliverables including code, associated tests and documentation.
 Contribution to functional excellence in terms of definition and maintenance of standards, methods and tools, bringing in best practices from market standard implementations.
 Manage complex integration scenarios and interfaces between on-premise solutions, cloud and legacy systems.

 Technical Skills & Experience

 5 years or more relevant software development experience with some Python and Excel work.
 Experience working in agile teams with demonstrated application of the principles.
 Useful to have Data Engineering experience blended along with core software engineering experience.
 Proficient in Python with exposure to Azure Machine Learning.
 Proficient in Excel with experience in reverse engineering existing models.
 Experience of other programming languages and frameworks is desirable.
 Experience using CI/CD tools is highly desirable.
 Experience in Data Development (T-SQL)

 General Skills and Experience

 Domain knowledge: Experience within a banking or trading environment is critical.
 Commercial awareness: Awareness of the effort committed in relation to the business benefit
 Prioritization: When faced with complexity is able to flag and facilitate the right prioritization decision.
 Knowledge sharing: Has experience of working closely with team members to build and share knowledge.




