
Description 
The Online Marketing Technologist (Belfast), you will be part of the CME Group Digital Marketing Technology team responsible supporting website and email communications. Website responsibilities will have a broad range from copy updates, personalisation and digital transformation projects to our cmegroup.com website and other closely related brand sites. Email and marketing automation responsibilities will include supporting email communications and lead capture/qualification through content such as thought leadership, subscriptions, events and forms.

 This position is located in CME Group's Belfast office.

 Principal Accountabilities:

 Manage daily website updates on cmegroup.com and other sites using various methods using content management systems components to editing plain HTML/CSS in AWS.
 Take design/UX/content/technical direction for new/existing page updates and see it through to implementation
 Ensure timely communication and delivery of digital updates
 Work with internal clients to understand, plan, build and execute email communications, marketing automation campaigns and nurture programs in a flexible and timely manner that meets business objectives
 Implement global best practices for outbound and inbound marketing, content marketing, lead qualification, lead nurturing and data hygiene
 Support email content process – layout, content, messaging, review and segmentation, and target management
 Work with cross-regional teams to meet or exceed internal SLAs and ensure seamless coordination across time-zones as needed
 Evangelize our processes by documentation in confluence for knowledge sharing and QA testing
 Support the onboarding/training of new employees and departments onto Marketing cloud or AEM as needed
 Join weekly team standup meetings to ensure close collaboration with the team in other regions


 Skills & Software Requirements:

 Minimum 3 years of website development experience
 Minimum 2 years of Marketing Automation platform experience (Marketing Cloud a plus)
 Hands-on experience with development/design of web pages/applications using HTML, CSS and Javascript
 Possess excellent knowledge of coding HTML and content management systems
 Possess an excellent eye for design and technical details for quality assurance
 Ability to thrive in a highly collaborative and fast-paced cross-functional environment
 Proficient with responsive design, email and web best practices
 Knowledge/experience of Adobe Experience Manager (AEM content management system), Confluence, AWS
 Experience with Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Platform or 3rd party APIs and authentication methods a plus
 Excellent communication skills: written, verbal, presentation


 Who we are
 The CME Group Digital Marketing Team is a global in-house digital group that differentiates the CME Group brand, drives the business’ priorities forward, innovates new marketing solutions, and delivers distinct digital customer experiences. We develop and maintain websites, mobile apps and next gen digital experiences that engage our customers and deliver on the strategy of our businesses in the marketplace.
 CME Group: Where Futures Are Made
 
 CME Group (www.cmegroup.com) is the world's leading derivatives marketplace. But who we are goes deeper than that. Here, you can impact markets worldwide. Transform industries. And build a career shaping tomorrow. We invest in your success and you own it, all while working alongside a team of leading experts who inspire you in ways big and small. Problem solvers, difference makers, trailblazers. Those are our people. And we're looking for more.
