

  Clearwater Analytics’ mission is to become the world’s most trusted and comprehensive technology platform for investment reporting, accounting, and analytics. With our team, you will partner with the most sophisticated and innovative institutional investors around the world. If you are infectiously passionate about what you do, intensely committed to clients, and driven by continuous innovation and improvement... We want you to apply!
 


   Clearwater Analytics develops and operates award winning software used by some of the world’s largest technology and finance companies. A career in software development at Clearwater Analytics will provide you with the opportunity to use modern technologies and best practices to participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle in an Agile work environment. As a software development engineer, you will participate in the design, implementation, and shipment of the software that makes the financial sector tick. Additionally, given Clearwater’s dev-ops culture, you will have an opportunity to make an impact on infrastructure, CI/CD, and developer productivity.
 


   Responsibilities:
 


 Participate in Agile meetings and contribute to development strategies and the product roadmap
 Own and maintain critical, client impacting processes that are highly available and scalable
 Write, test, deploy, and monitor clear, concise, performant, and secure code that demonstrates a commitment to quality
 Contribute to design and architectural decisions.
 Provide leadership, mentorship, and expertise to our ever-growing workforce
 Understand, respond to, and address customer needs and issues with empathy and timeliness
 Demonstrate expertise, collaboration, and creativity across interactions between multiple teams and systems
 Troubleshoot and resolve production incidents quickly and effectively.
 Effectively break down and solve complex problems that require research and collaboration
 Follow secure, scalable, and robust architecture, coding guidelines and best practices



   Requirements:
 

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field is a major plus
 1-3 years’ experience building software components.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
 Strong problem-solving skills
 Ability to see the big picture while still giving attention to detail.
 Strong command of unit testing for thorough code coverage.



   Desired Experience or Skills:
 

 SQL experience creating queries, tables, indexes, etc.
 Professional experience working in a SaaS environment
 Familiarity with micro-services architecture
 Fintech domain experience a plus
 Experience in software development using a high-level language (Kotlin, Java, C#, C++, Python, etc.).
 Experience using a version control system such as Git
 Experience using build tools such as Maven/Gradle
 Experience with cloud native architecture and cloud services
 Experience building and using web apis
 Experience with both relational and non-relational databases
 Containerization and infrastructure knowledge is a plus
 Experience with React, Angular, or any other modern front-end framework (this is team specific)
 Experience with typescript in an object-oriented or functional paradigm
 Experience making reusable front end components
 Experience using front-end specific testing libraries (Jest, cypress, etc)
 Experience using front-end build processes (webpack, rollup, etc)
 Containerization and front-end infrastructure knowledge is a plus

