
What you will do
 Location: remote Position: full-time  Erigon is an Ethereum (also Gnosis Chain and Polygon) Execution Layer on the efficiency frontier. It's written in the Go programming language. We've been innovating in space- and time-efficient ways of doing blockchain execution and data. Further information about Erigon is available at https://erigon.substack.com. We are looking for talented software engineers capable of handling complex algorithms and data structures. If you enjoy solving challenging technical problems and want to scale blockchain to billions of users, this is a perfect opportunity!  Main requirements:

 Grasp complex technical topics such as Ethereum protocol changes (e.g. EIP-1599) as well as data structures non-specific to blockchains (e.g. Roaring Bitmaps).
 Implement new features in code (e.g. EIP-6780).
 Familiarize yourself with our testing and diagnostics tools.
 Use and enhance those tools to investigate and fix devnet and production issues.
 Attend calls with other blockchain core developers (e.g. Ethereum or Gnosis chain calls) if necessary.
 Persevere through a somewhat messy code base and ultimately simplify and improve it.


 Who you are
 Desirable, but not mandatory requirements:

 Computer Science/Maths education
 Solid track record as a programmer
 Blockchain (esp. Ethereum) knowledge
 golang proficiency


 What we can offer you


 Erigon will provide you with help and guidance, as well as sufficient time to learn, so that you can effect complex code changes productively. At the same time, we expect you to be proactive with your tasks and work independently, asking colleagues for assistance when necessary. Ultimately, you should be able to deliver without being micro-managed.
 Flexible working hours. Virtually no mandatory team meetings.
 Flat hierarchy with zero bureaucracy. Erigon's founders are software engineers.
 Opportunity to work on challenging programming, algorithmic, or cryptographic problems on the bleeding edge of what is technically possible.


 About us

 The Gnosis mission has always been centered on building decentralized infrastructure for the Ethereum ecosystem. When Gnosis was founded in 2015, it focused on building prediction markets to enable worldwide access to accurate information. While creating the prediction market platform, it became clear that Gnosis needed to build the infrastructure required to support it. As a DAO, Gnosis uses the products that it creates to transparently guide decisions on the development, support, and governance of its ecosystem.
 
 Gnosis Safe (multisig and programmable account), Cow Protocol (formerly CowSwap and Gnosis Protocol), Conditional Tokens (prediction markets), Gnosis Auction, and Zodiac (standard and tooling for composable DAOs) are all products incubated by Gnosis. Their success is demonstrated by the recent spin-out of Cow Protocol and the formation of SafeDAO. By combining needs-driven development with deep technical expertise, Gnosis has built the decentralized infrastructure for the Ethereum ecosystem.
 
 In November 2021, the xDai and GnosisDAO communities voted to combine their vibrant ecosystems to create the Gnosis Chain. Gnosis Chain uses the xDai token. It is the associated execution-layer EVM chain for stable transactions and includes a wide-ranging group of projects and users. Gnosis Chain is secured by a diverse set of validators. With over one hundred thousand validators and counting, we’re building a resilient and neutral network open to anyone without privilege or prejudice. Be a part of a team leading the web3 movement.

