
2268023LD

About Us
 The Centre for Higher Education Practice (CHEP) provides support for Academic staff at the University of Southampton. The Centre is located with Southampton’s Faculty of Social Sciences but serves the whole University. CHEP was created to provide comprehensive world-leading professional development for all staff and doctoral researchers at all stages of their career development across the life course. We are one of only a few institutions in which the support for all academic activity (Education, Research and Knowledge Exchange & Enterprise (KEE)) is provided from the same central team and we have expanded the team that supports Research and KEE. We play a pivotal role in supporting the realization of the University of Southampton’s Strategy and our set up means we are ideally suited to support the Triple Helix approach of our strategy. This role will particularly focus on delivering the people and skills development aspects of our Knowledge Exchange and Enterprise and People strategic plans and our Knowledge Exchange Concordat action plan.
 Applications are invited for an academic development post within the team to focus on developing the understanding, skills and capabilities of staff to undertake KEE activities, with a particular emphasis on enterprise activities (e.g. Supporting consultancy, commercialisation of research and developing business relationships). The post-holder will work alongside another academic developer whose focus is mainly on the broader knowledge exchange understanding and activities which are done primarily for social impact and may not necessarily be revenue generating. Both postholders will work collaboratively together and with other departments in the University (especially Research & Innovation Services) and help support our continued strong performance in KEF and Impact assessment exercises.
 About You
 This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced knowledge exchange/enterprise practitioner to join our friendly and supportive team and use their knowledge and expertise to help expand and enhance our institution-wide support for staff undertaking KEE activities. You will contribute to the design, development, delivery and evaluation of professional development and strategic major project activities offered by CHEP. You will focus on professional development to support knowledge exchange and enterprise activities of staff at all stages of their career, however there will be opportunities to contribute to the wider Academic Practice remit of the Centre.
 All academic development posts within our Centre are academic appointments within the education focused aspect of our ERE pathway (because they support the learning of staff in all aspects of their academic practice) and as such they come with the common title of academic developers within our team (‘Senior Teaching Fellow in Academic Practice’). However, please note you will support academic staff with their KEE activities primarily and will not focus on supporting staff with their education activities. We welcome applications from non-PhD candidates with equivalent professional qualifications and/or experience to apply for the KEE focused role. If you are in any doubt whether or not this role is for you, please do get in touch.
 The appointment is permanent and is available from May 2023.
 This opportunity is available at level 5 and as a full-time or part-time role. We are interested in applications from individuals from 0.6 FTE and above. Please indicate in your application if you are interested in the role as a part-time appointment. For applicants interested in a Part Time role, please note: this role is unlikely to support a Certificate of Sponsorship with a part time salary amount (a Certificate of Sponsorship is required to obtain a Skilled Worker visa to work in the UK)
 Informal enquiries can be made at any time to either the Director (Prof Shelley Parr), or a member of the existing team. Please contact CHEP@soton.ac.uk or S.J.Parr@soton.ac.uk
 What we can offer you
 Since CHEP promotes academic professional learning for every member of university staff, we aim to role model good practice by providing staff within our team with a range of professional development opportunities. We actively support staff within our team to join local and national networks and to attain recognition and/or qualifications relevant to their role.
 Committed to supporting our staff we are open to a flexible working approach. With an understanding that there is a need to be on campus for some duties we are open to a hybrid approach. We give full consideration to applicants that wish to work flexibly including part-time and those who have taken a career break. Proud to be a founding signatory of the Athena Swan gender equality charter, we hold an institutional Silver Award.
 As well as additional benefits that will make your life easier, such as a generous holiday allowance and additional university closure days, we will support your long-term future with access to the Universities Superannuation Scheme (USS), subsidised health and fitness facilities and a range of discounts.
 As a university we aim to create an inclusive environment that attracts, supports and retains the best students and staff from diverse backgrounds and experiences from across the world. We are proactive in fostering a culture of inclusion, respect and equality of opportunity. We believe that we can only truly meet our objectives if we are reflective of society, so we are passionate about creating a working environment in which you are free to bring your whole self to work.
 To find out more about the Centre for Higher Education Practice visit our website or get in touch and arrange an informal chat with the Director or one of the existing team members (Centre for Higher Education Practice | University of Southampton or CHEP@soton.ac.uk ).
 On appointment, the job title will be Senior Teaching Fellow.








      Apply Online 
     





Further details:

Job Description and Person Specification


Apply by midnight on the closing date. For assistance contact Recruitment on +44(0)2380 592750 or recruitment@soton.ac.uk quoting the job number.


