
Evertz Microsystems (evertz.com) Aberdeen is looking for an enthusiastic Software Engineer to join our Compression Team.
 The role is based in our Aberdeen office, but for an experienced candidate either hybrid or fully remote working can be accommodated.
 Things you need to be successful in this role:

 A BSc degree (1st class / 2:1) in Computer Science or equivalent.
 Enthusiasm to learn and work with new technologies.
 Keen to take ownership of complex software systems.
 Great communications skills and happy to work with a distributed team – based in both the UK and Canada.

 Some of the technologies you will be working with:

 Gitlab CI/CD pipelines.
 Docker Containers.
 Gstreamer media pipelines for video and audio.
 Python and C.
 Linux and bash.

 About Evertz:
 Evertz Microsystems (TSX:ET) is a leading global manufacturer of broadcast equipment and solutions that deliver content to television sets, on-demand services, WebTV, IPTV, and mobile devices (like phones and tablets). Evertz has expertise in delivering complete end-to-end broadcast solutions for all aspects of broadcast production including content creation, content distribution and content delivery.
 Considered as an innovator by their customers, Evertz delivers cutting edge solutions that are unmatched in the industry in both hardware and software. Evertz delivers products and solutions that can be found in major broadcast facilities on every continent. Evertz’ customer base also includes telcos, satellite, cable TV, and IPTV providers.
 With over 1700 employees, that include hardware and software engineers, Evertz is one of the leaders in the broadcast industry. Evertz has a global presence with offices located in: Canada, United States, United Kingdom, Germany, United Arab Emirates, India, Hong Kong, China, Singapore, and Australia. Evertz was named one of Canada’s 50 Best Managed Companies, which recognizes excellence in Canadian-owned and Canadian-managed companies. Canada’s 50 Best Managed Companies identifies Canadian corporate success through companies focused on their core vision, creating stakeholder value and excelling in the global economy.
 Evertz makes certain there is an equal employment opportunity for all employees and applicants for employment, including persons with disabilities. In compliance with AODA, Evertz will strive to provide accommodation to persons with disabilities in the recruitment process upon request. If you are selected for an interview and you require accommodation due to a disability during the recruitment process, please notify Human Resources upon scheduling your interview.
 Thank you for considering a career with Evertz!
 When you apply to a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by Evertz Microsystems Ltd (“Controller”), which is located at 5292 John Lucas Drive, Burlington, Ontario, Canada and can be contacted by emailing privacy@evertz.com. Controller’s data protection officer is Nadiera Toolsieram, who can be contacted at privacy@evertz.com. Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Controller’s and its' subsidiaries' and affiliates' recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment.
 A complete privacy policy can be found at https://evertz.com/contact/privacy/
 Your personal data will be retained by Controller as long as Controller determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment. Under the GDPR, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have to right to data portability. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority.
 
8tpFOU2KXN
