

Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest. Affirm proudly includes Returnly.


 Please note that visa sponsorship is not currently available for this position.

The Payments Engineering team is responsible for building the systems which power financial transactions at Affirm. We are looking for a highly motivated Software Engineer to design and build foundational payment APIs which enable us to process payments globally at scale. These systems form the backbone of our ability to transact financially with customers and partners across both existing financial products and new product development.
 In this role you will contribute to metrics around the performance and availability of our payment systems. You will be a key member of the seed team as we expand our engineering presence into the UK.
 What you'll do

Design and build scalable and robust payment services which power billions of dollars in transactions every year.
Partner with Product managers on building beautiful internal APIs to enable payments across our products.
Develop a deep understanding of the payments industry.
Build relationships and engage with management across the USA and Europe.
Partner with a diverse set of engineering teams who build financial products and perform financial transactions at Affirm.

What we look for

ENTRY LEVEL- 0-2+ years of experience as a software engineer


Direct experience integrating payment processors.
Fluency in back end development.


Familiarity with Python, AWS, and Kubernetes is a plus.
Prior experience architecting, building, launching and maintaining consumer scale products.
Strong cross-team communication and collaboration skills.



Location - Remote England


#LI-Remote




Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of hire. 
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
 We're extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe It's On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.


