

  We believe in better. And we make it happen.
 

   Better content. Better products. And better careers.
 

   Working in Tech, Product or Data at Sky is about building the next and the new. From broadband to broadcast, streaming to mobile, SkyQ to Sky Glass, we never stand still. We optimise and innovate.
 

   We turn big ideas into the products, content and services millions of people love.
 

   And we do it all right here at Sky.
 


   What you'll do
 

 Report into a Head of Software Engineering and lead a group of software engineers of various experience levels.
 Be broadly responsible for both people management, and the “how” we deliver against our business goals from an in-house software engineering perspective.
 Be a confident technical leader with experience in a fast-paced environment balancing Agile delivery methodologies against business drivers.
 Be experienced in leading engineering teams in an evolving and dynamic environment, where software is always-on, and customer experience is always more than a consideration
 Be a committed teammate who demonstrates outstanding communication, interpersonal skills and consistent high energy levels, who recognises the importance of people in technology solutions.
 Be an experienced leader with a reputation for thought leadership, critical thinking and a deep technical understanding and an analytical problem solver with a solid sense of autonomy, but with an open collaborative approach to getting the job done.



   What you'll bring
 

 Experience developing & motivating those in your team by providing clear direction, opportunities for learning & direct coaching.
 Experience in ‘Managing Managers’ – coach knowledgeable and supportive line managers.
 An understanding of deadlines, budget constraints and scope of delivery and experience working with the business partners to ensure the right balance between these are met, setting expectations and handling risks early.
 Experience leading scope changes with key partners to ensure a consistent message is received on delivery and budget impacts.
 An understanding of how to make our engineering better: improving delivery predictability and speed, operational awareness and responsibility.
 Knowledge of and an understanding of how to improve Resiliency, Accessibility, Security and Compliance.
 Knowledge of handling operational risks ensuring plans are in place for mitigation or resolution.



   Team overview
 


   UK&I Technology
 

   Ground-breaking projects. Innovative tech. Top innovation. Join our UK&I Technology team and you’ll work across technology projects that drive our TV, broadband, mobile and Sky Connect services. You’ll be at the heart of delivering the technology roadmaps that support our UK and Ireland businesses, with a focus on customer innovations for Sky Glass. That’s not all. You’ll also design, develop and deliver digital services for millions of customers across the UK.
 


   The rewards
 

   There's one thing people can't stop talking about when it comes to #LifeAtSky: the perks. Here’s a taster:
 

 Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place!
 The magic of Sky Glass at an exclusive rate!
 A generous pension package
 Private healthcare
 Discounted mobile and broadband
 A wide range of Sky VIP rewards and experiences



   Inclusion & how you'll work
 

   Recognised by The Times and Stonewall, we take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion. Investing in society, fighting racial injustice and setting ambitious targets for representation at Sky.
 

   We’ve embraced hybrid working and split our time between unique office spaces and the convenience of working from home. You’ll find out more about what hybrid working looks like for your role later on in the recruitment process.
 


   Your office space (Leeds Or Osterley)
 


   Osterley
 

   Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There are also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
 

   On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed, and even get pampered at our beauty salon.
 


   Leeds
 

   Our spacious tech hub is less than a mile from Leeds train station. There’s plenty of parking in the surrounding streets and at the nearby CitiPark.
 

   Need a break? You can blow off steam over a game of pool or table tennis, and stay fit at our subsidised gym.
 


   We'd love to hear from you
 

   Inventive, forward-thinking minds come together to work in Tech, Product and Data at Sky. It’s a place where you can explore what if, how far, and what next.
 

   But better doesn’t stop at what we do, it’s how we do it, too. We embrace each other’s differences. We support our community and contribute to a sustainable future for our business and the planet.
 

   If you believe in better, we’ll back you all the way.
 


   Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.
 
