App Development Intern
Cambridge
About the job:
electronRx are building a predictive healthcare and diagnostics platform combined with digital medicines for the treatment of debilitating conditions.
This is an exciting opportunity to pick up essential product development and R&D skills in a fast moving entrepreneurial startup environment. Gain exposure to all aspects of developing cutting-edge medical technologies.
Eligible candidates will be working towards a degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, or another similarly numerate degree.
We intend to hire an intern who can help us in two or more of the following areas:

Coding in Dart, C++, Python or other programming languages
App Development using Flutter or other
Machine Learning
App Testing
Data Analysis
Data Visualisation
Web Design
Social Media Marketing
Project Planning and Management
Other Related Skills

Candidates don't need to be experienced in all of these areas but demonstrate strong ability in at least two.
Moreover, all eligible candidates need to demonstrate a high degree of flexibility, initiative, good presentation and documentation skills.
When:
The duration of the internship is flexible but likely to last 12 months starting early July 2023.
What we offer:

The opportunity to join a young, dynamic, interdisciplinary team of engineers, pharmaceutical scientists and clinicians.
The skills needed to Create, Develop, Test, and Deploy an App into today's medical market.
Challenging technical problems with solutions that directly impact patient quality of life.
An Understanding of the running of an award winning startup in Cambridge.
We have a track record for creating superstars! If you have what it takes, then reachout.

More Information:
Please take a look at our website https://www.electronrx.com/
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: £20,000.00-£21,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Cambridge: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: In person
Reference ID: InternExpected start date: 05/06/2023