

Location 

   Leeds, UK 
  


Hours 

   37.5 
  





Do you care about what you do?



 There aren’t many jobs where reaching breaking point is a good thing – but that’s just what we’d like you to do.


 As a Software Test Engineer, you’ll be joining the Test Engineering function of our Technology team. You’ll develop high-quality test cases to ensure adequate testing is performed on the rapid development of software within a product channel. The test cases you’ll design and execute will continue to make us one of the most trusted brands in the industry.
 
Behind the bet, you’ll join a team of people releasing cutting edge, fully functional software to customers globally. Our agile environment welcomes your drive to improve.
 

Your role in the team:


 You’ll have a keen interest in developing your technical skills and be intrigued by new technology. You’ll write acceptance criteria alongside our talented team of QAs, and work in parallel with the Content Executive teams ensuring content chosen is tested and released to production in a seamless manor. 


You will manage the entire QA lifecycle from accepting the game into test, through to smoke testing in production. You will be confident in speaking to 3
rd
 party suppliers and managing defects from opening to close. 


Your testing skillset will be heavily weighted across Desktop and Mobile Web, and you will have a keen eye on UX ensuring that the customers journey is as seamless as possible. 

Skills needed:


 Ideally degree in computer science, engineering or relevant level of experience
 Experience of:
 Manual testing across Desktop and Mobile web 
 Exposure to automation is desirable
 lean agile concepts 
 implementing continuous improvement
 Stakeholder management
 Ability to interact with colleagues from all disciplines


 What we offer:


 We’ll welcome you on board with 25 days holiday (not to mention 8 bank holidays and an extra day for your birthday), healthcare (or a cash alternative), an attractive pension package. As an added incentive, we offer a rewarding bonus scheme too. And if you’re a fan of saving money and keeping fit, our handy Metro Card loan and healthy gym discounts will be well received.
    


 William Hill in Leeds



 Right in the middle of the creative heart of the UK sits our Leeds office. Leeds itself is a buzzy, busy place to work and live. A hub for tech, digital and gaming companies - there are also five universities right on our doorstep. And away from work, we’re close to the Yorkshire Dales, Peak District and of course have got a competitive sports scene with Leeds United and Yorkshire Cricket and Rugby.
    




