




Overview
Technology
Full Time
Closes 24/05/23


Stoke-on-Trent

Full Time
Closes 24/05/23





Who we are looking for
A Full Stack Software Developer who will work in a small team of talented developers following agile practices to develop high quality scalable solutions.  You will be joining our Site Services team working on our flagship sports product, enhancing our product offering with innovative new features. This is an exciting time as we continue to grow based on the constant success of our product and new opportunities in emerging markets.  The is a full stack team and the core skills are Typescript, JavaScript and Golang. Solid experience in one or both of these languages is preferable. However, please do still get in touch if you have equivalent front or backend experience. The tech stack also covers SQL, HTML5, CSS 3 and C#.  With a solid foundation in software delivery your technical knowledge, people skills and passion for software development will be invaluable to the success of the team. The day to day work is interesting, challenging and fast paced amidst a hardworking and delivery focused company ethos. We hire people who are ready to tackle some of technology’s greatest challenges.  This role is eligible for inclusion in the Company’s hybrid working from home policy.






Preferred skills and experience



      Commercial experience within web client or server side development.
     




      Technically strong in one or more of the following languages: Typescript, JavaScript or Golang.
     




      Ability to clearly communicate technical matters to people across different areas of the business.
     




      Experience working with Linux.
     






        Developing low latency, highly available and scalable solutions.
       




        Working in an environment with high volumes of transactions.
       




        Experience working with Scrum or other Agile software development methodologies.
       










Main Responsibilities



      Supporting and enhancing existing code base.
     




      Maintaining clean coding practices.
     




      Identifying technical areas of improvement.
     




      Supporting product owners as required.
     






        Supporting the testing team during testing phases of projects.
       




        Contributing to solution proposals.
       




        Creating work effort estimates.
       










Want to become part of the team?







The benefits of working with us




Bonus Schemes

Recognition for your performance and hard work.




Company Pension

Preparing you for later life with a top pension.




Employee Assistance Programme

Supporting the wellbeing of you and your family.




Eye Care

In a digital world, we help take care of your vision.




Income Protection

Your income is protected, just in case.




Life Assurance

Peace of mind for your family in any eventuality.




Tax Free Childcare Scheme

A bit extra in your pocket to help with your little ones.




Life Events and Long Service

To celebrate your big occasions, dedication and hard work. 













Stoke-on-Trent

We were founded here in 2000 out of a portacabin, and now we are one of the largest private employers in the area.




Our location

Historically, the area found its fortune creating world renowned pottery.
We benefit from great transport links due to our central location.
The bet365 Stadium is home to Stoke City football club.
Alton Towers, World of Wedgwood and the Trentham Monkey Forest are just some of the nearby attractions.



What we get up to
Our Stoke office is home to our industry leading technology provider, Hillside (Technology) Ltd, and also support services roles to our gambling operations. The opportunities are endless, with roles in Technology, Marketing and Customer Support departments all under one roof.  Many of our teams operate 24 hours a day, so it is a hub of activity at all times.


Some location benefits



On-Site Restaurant



Tea and Coffee Service



Great Commuter Links



Company Leisure Facility











