
VueJS Developer - Global Sports Company - London 

(Tech stack: VueJS Developer, VueJS, HTML, CSS, TypeScript, GIT Version Control, JavaScript, jQuery, React, Web, UI, UX, User Interface, User Experience, Front End, VueJS Developer)
 
Our client is a global sports brand that operates in over 115 countries worldwide. They are the biggest sports company in Europe and the second largest on the planet! Over the past 30 years they have been providing high performance athletes with the tools they need to remain at their peak.
 
They are looking to branch out and take a foothold in the sports science arena. In particular, they are looking to move into the field of high performance data analytics. They are aiming to help athletes utilize the latest sport science technology to analyze their performance and help them raise their game. They have recently signed ground breaking sponsorship deals with several high profile sports teams and national athletics squads.
 
As a result of this there are a number of Greenfield projects that require talented VueJS Developer that can hit the ground running and be instrumental in the creation of stylish and innovative new applications. Every possible resource will be at your disposal to help you achieve this.
 
They are looking for a VueJS Developer with experience in some or all of the following (full training will be provided to fill any gaps in your skill set VueJS, HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, GIT Version Control, JavaScript, SASS, jQuery, React and AJAX.
 
All positions come with the following benefits:
 

15% bonus
Generous pension
Private healthcare
Training allowance of £6,700 per year
Free lunch
Free gym membership
Flexible working hours
27 days holiday (Bank Holidays not included)


This is an opportunity for you to make a technical contribution to a possible gold medal or even champions league title!
 
An opportunity not to missed so if you're interested apply today!
 
Location: London, UK / Remote Working
 
Salary: £60,000 - £80,000 + Bonus + Pension + Benefits
 
NOIRUKTECHREC
 NOIRUKREC
 
NC/VFELON6080
