
UE07: £36,333.00 - £43,155.00 Per Annum  CMVM / MGPHS / USHER Institute  Fixed Term Contract: Full Time - 35 Hours per week  Fixed Term Contract Duration: 1st June. 2023 to 31st July 2024  Location: Usher Institute moves to a new building in Edinburgh Bioquarter, early 2024 
DataLoch at the Usher Institute within The University of Edinburgh are looking for a Developer to provide programming and software engineering solutions. DataLoch is a data service and research enabling facility supporting health care research and innovation in the Edinburgh & South East Scotland region. 
The Opportunity: 
The role holder will contribute the development and continuous improvement of existing infrastructure and automation of systems and processes. They will be responsible for delivering new systems capability and maintaining existing solutions to ensure DataLoch services meet customer requirements. 
Informal enquiries may be directed to Elvina Gountouna, DataLoch Data Manager, e.gountouna@ed.ac.uk 

  Your skills and attributes for success: 
  

Familiarity with relational database technologies 
Experience in software development for basic GUI applications 
Experience in software development for data processing or analysis 


Click here for a copy of the full job description . 
Please include your CV and a supporting statement with details of how you meet the knowledge, skills and experience required for this post. 
As a valued member of our team you can expect: 
An exciting, positive, creative, challenging and rewarding place to work. We give you support, nurture your talent and reward success. You will benefit from a competitive reward package and a wide range of staff benefits, which includes a generous holiday entitlement, a defined benefits pension scheme , staff discounts, family friendly initiatives , flexible working and much more. Access our staff benefits page for further information and use our reward calculator to find out the total value of pay and benefits provided.   The University of Edinburgh holds a Silver Athena SWAN award in recognition of our commitment to advance gender equality in higher education. We are members of the Race Equality Charter and we are also Stonewall Scotland Diversity Champions, actively promoting LGBT equality. 
If invited for interview you will be required to evidence your right to work in the UK. Further information is available on our right to work webpages. 
The University is able to sponsor the employment of international workers in this role. If successful, an international applicant requiring sponsorship to work in the UK will need to satisfy the UK Home Office’s English Language requirements and apply for and secure a Skilled Worker Visa. 
Unless stated otherwise the closing time for applications is 11:59pm GMT. If you are applying outside the UK the closing time on our adverts automatically adjusts to your browsers local time zone. 
Work with us | Usher Institute - where inquiring minds work together to improve lives across the world. 
Join our growing team of academics and professional services staff and work in a vibrant, multi-disciplinary environment. Our vision is to catalyse the transformation of health in society by working with people, populations and their data. 
Our greatest asset is our people, working together to improve public health using evidence-based research. 
We are a key applied and translational arm of the Edinburgh Medical School, within the College of Medicine and Veterinary Medicine at The University of Edinburgh. Working with partners across UK and international universities, health and care providers, policymakers, industry and the public is central to our highly collaborative ethos.
