
Description

 As an iOS Developer, you will have the opportunity to build solutions that engage millions of sports fans worldwide. Working with a wide range of data sources and native technologies, building custom experiences for sports fans. You will progress your own skills and expertise along the way, sharing and learning new technologies and techniques across the team. At Pulselive, we pride ourselves in providing a collaborative environment that ensures we produce leading products across web and native applications.
 

 Key Responsibilities

 Responsibilities


Producing iOS code to a high standard that not only functions correctly but can be understood and extended by other members of the team
Showing good attention to detail in the final product, taking care and pride in what is produced
Communicating clearly both technically and creatively, to ensure the best possible solutions are built
Tracking and communicating progress within a project across the project team, especially the Project/Product Manager
Managing test releases for internal and external use
Developing own skills to get as many aspects of iOS development to an expert level, as possible
Sharing of ideas and techniques across the team, contributing to and learning from the team as a whole
Helping to prioritise tasks
Supporting the iOS lead and squad when estimating the effort required to complete a task
Participating in code reviews


 Skills Knowledge and Expertise

 Required Skills and Experience


Problem solving
Willingness and ability to learn and adapt to new approaches
Swift
Xcode
UIKit
We service integration (REST, JSON)


Competent with


Task/ticket management tools such as JIRA
Persistent storage solutions such as Core Data
GIT usage and code management
Integrating with and using third party libraries/applications (e.g. video providers)
Documenting iOS solutions and code


Desirable skills and knowledge


Experience working within a development team
Unit Tests and TDD
SwiftUI
Combine and/or RxSwift
Working in large existing code bases
Creating new well architected projects
Full iOS development lifecycle from project creation to release signing
Objective C
HTML, CSS, Javascript


 Benefits

 At Pulselive we truly value our team and have developed our approach to ensure you are not only rewarded for your contribution but have access to unique benefits along with a positive approach to wellness. We want to ensure that your career, health and well-being are of the utmost importance at all times.
 


 Benefits & Wellness


Flexible & Remote Working
Discretionary annual bonus scheme
Buy and Sell Annual Leave
Pension Scheme
Service reward scheme
Sporting Events and Tickets
Sports Ticket Lottery
Health & Wellness Activities
Charity volunteer days
Complimentary Headspace Access
Annual Wellness Contribution
Mobile Phone Contribution
Sony Discounts
Vue Cinema Discount Tickets



 About Pulselive

   At Pulselive we create experiences that sports fans can't live without. We exist to unlock the power of sport through technology by uniting communities, entertaining, and inspiring people around the world.
  
 Our work is dedicated to one of the most socially impactful activities on the planet - sport. As a technology company, we strive to provide equal access and enjoyment to every new and existing sports fan, the world over. We’re a team of highly talented and engaged creatives, engineers, product managers and researchers that collaborate to make this happen. This empowers us conceptualising, developing and managing digital platforms, reaching millions of sports fans every day; whether that’s the official Cricket World Cup website or the Premier League’s mobile apps.
  
 Our team is over 120 strong, predominantly in the UK, with a number of offices including Australia, Spain and the United States.
 


 Our Commitment to you


   Securing and investing in the best talent is one of our Key Principles; it’s integral we have a diverse team of individuals who feel challenged and valued. While you don’t have to be a sports fan yourself, you’ll need to embrace the power of teamwork.
 


 We take professional development seriously and ensure every person at Pulselive receives a range of learning opportunities. We focus on your long term career goals, rather than your existing responsibilities.
 


 We are firm believers in flexibility, both location and when you work. We trust each other to be responsible, ensuring the work gets done but balanced around our own lives.
 


Our response to COVID 19
 During this time Team Pulselive are working in a hybrid manner to deliver sports experiences that fans can’t live without. We are currently working through a blend of in person interactions (typically two days per week) and remote activity.
  

Our recruitment process during COVID 19
 We are continuing to hire and onboard fantastic people into our teams during the COVID pandemic and have adapted our processes to ensure we can deliver a virtual recruitment process that keeps you and our teams safe. During our recruitment process, you can expect to interact with us via one-way video interview, virtual meetings and telephone. The Talent Acquisition and Hiring Teams are here to support you through your recruitment journey, so please feel free to contact us if you require any assistance.
  

Onboarding during COVID 19


  Our new starters are joining the business in person and will move through a blend of in office and remote onboarding. We want to ensure you feel like part of our team and are set up for success from day one. From onboarding to team interactions and company all hands, we will ensure you have everything you need to succeed as your onboard with Pulselive.
 
