Junior C# Developer / Software Engineer (C# .Net SQL) St Albans / WFH to £50k 
Are you a data savvy Junior C# Developer with SQL skills looking for an opportunity to progress your career? 
You could be joining a technology driven trading company and working on a range of projects to help drive efficiencies. 
As a Junior C# Developer you'll work with a lead engineer to design and develop software systems used across the business, including marketing, sales and compliance teams. You'll gain exposure to the full development lifecycle, from understanding user requirements through to solution delivery - you'll be working on various mini-projects using C# .Net and SQL to help teams get what they need from the data available. 
There's a collaborative team environment with a fairly flat structure, you'll be able to make suggestions for improvements and take ownership whilst be supported to reach your full potential. 


WFH Policy:
 You'll join colleagues in St. Albans, Hertfordshire (parking available), with the flexibility to work from home two days a week. 


Requirements:
 You're degree educated in a STEM discipline 
You have commercial C# .Net coding experience 
You have a good working knowledge of SQL, ideally also some experience with data analysis / BI tools 
You have excellent communication skills, are collaborative and eager to learn and progress your career 


Salary & benefits:
 As a Junior C# Developer / Software Engineer you will earn a competitive salary (to £50k) plus benefits including: 
Significant bonus 
25 days holiday, rising to 30 after 2 years 
Enhanced parental leave 
Contributory pension scheme 
Private Medical 
Discounts for gym membership, travel and cinema 
Sabbatical after 10 years of service 
Apply now or call to find out more about this Junior C# Developer / Software Engineer (C# .Net SQL) opportunity. 
At Client Server we believe in a diverse workplace that allows people to play to their strengths and continually learn. We're an equal opportunities employer whose people come from all walks of life and will never discriminate based on race, colour, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The clients we work with share our values.