
Job Description
 Building trusted markets —powered by our people.

 At Cboe Europe, we inspire our people to solve complex challenges together because what we do matters. We provide the financial infrastructure that powers the global economy. As a leading provider of market infrastructure and tradable products, Cboe delivers cutting-edge trading, clearing and investment solutions to market participants around the world.

 We’re building inclusive ways to support professional and personal development while strengthening the trust we’ve earned as a global market leader. Our teams are empowered to share ideas, actively pursue them and bring on a challenge. As champions of internal mobility and access to opportunity, we encourage our people to “go for it” and equip our managers with the training to coach their teams to the next level. Our Associate Resource Groups champion diversity, equity and inclusion, giving associates a safe space to network, share ideas and create opportunities.

 Sound like the place for you? Join us!

 The Software Engineering team is hiring for Software Engineer, Data. 

The Software Engineer, Data at Cboe will design, implement, and extend reference data and security master functionality for Cboe’s systems. Implement automated tests and ensure system quality and performance. Help with production operations as needed.

 In this role you’ll be responsible for:

 Designing, implementing, and extending reference data and security master software functionality.
 Help with production operations. Ensure features are correctly implemented in certification and production environments.
 Participate in requirements gathering and analysis.
 Participate in peer code reviews.
 Plan team sprints and participate in periodic team meetings.
 Implement automated unit and integration tests.


 The ideal candidate has:

 Strong SQL and relational database knowledge or ability to quickly learn
 Working domain knowledge of financial securities and derivatives products.
 Strong understanding of ETL techniques.
 Working knowledge in programming language(s) used by the team (Java, scripting languages, Python prefered).
 Working Linux and Windows knowledge. Ability to implement features with necessary performance and/or scaling characteristics.


 Benefits and Perks
 We value the total wellbeing of our people – including health, financial, personal and social wellness. We believe standard benefits like health insurance and fair pay are a given at any organization. Still, you should know we offer:

 Fair and competitive salary and incentive compensation packages with an upside for overachievement
 Comprehensive private medical insurance for employees and their families which includes dental cover (taxable benefit)
 Cboe pays for employee access to a private GP service (face to face or phone call consultations) to make it easy and convenient for you to see a doctor
 Life and long term illness insurance for stability and peace of mind
 EAP - This service intends to help employees deal with personal problems that might adversely impact their work performance, health and well-being. This service includes short- term counselling and referral services for employees and their immediate family.
 Enhanced paid parental and adoption leave to support parents
 Cboe offers pensions contribution up to 7% of base salary. You don’t have to contribute yourself.
 ClassPass Corporate Membership which provides access to on-demand classes, livestream classes, in-person classes and wellness sessions across different fitness genres. (taxable benefit)
 25 days holiday per year per holiday year for full time employees, increasing with length of service at a rate of one extra day per completed years’ service, up to a maximum of 30 days.
 Flexible, hybrid work environment, where you choose where and how you work
 Discounted Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 Employee referral bonus program


 Complimentary lunch, snacks and drinks in any Cboe office
 Paid tuition assistance and education opportunities
 Generous charitable giving company match
 Volunteer opportunities to help you give back to your communities


 More About Cboe Europe
 We’re reimagining the future of the workplace by focusing on what matters most, our people. Our journey is an inclusive one. We’re investing deeply in leadership programs and career development initiatives that ensure everyone has an equal chance to succeed. We celebrate the diversity in our communities, inside and out, and welcome new perspectives with equity, inclusion and belonging.
 We work with purpose, solving problems with ingenuity, collaboration, and a lot of passion. We’re an engaged and excited team connecting markets across borders and embracing growth in all its forms to achieve incredible outcomes.

 Learn more about life at Cboe on our website and LinkedIn.

 Equal Employment Opportunity
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our associates' differences, including race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age and disability

 Any communication from Cboe regarding this position will only come from a Cboe recruiter who has a @cboe.com email or via LinkedIn Recruiter. Cboe does not use any other third party communication tools for recruiting purposes.
