
We're looking for an experienced Java developer who enjoys working with new and diverse web technologies, day-to-day development of client applications and future development of our products. Excellent Java skills are a must, although any experience with other languages would also be useful, as we develop on other platforms too.
Core skills

Over 3 years of experience in Java, Spring and at least one of MySQL, Postgres or Oracle
Experience developing web applications using Spring technologies such as Spring Boot, Spring Data, Spring Integrations, Spring Security and Spring MVC
SQL; JPA with Hibernate
Familiar with core front end technologies, like HTML and Javascript
Understanding of modern design and communication patterns
API design
Test Driven Development: unit testing, automated testing
Familiar with CI/CD processes and git a plus

Beneficial technical skills

Experience in microservices architecture and patterns.
Experience in at least one of the modern Javascript frameworks (ReactJS preferred).
Experience in product development.

Personal skills

Team player
Excellent written and oral communication skills for a fully remote environment.
Fluent in English
Enthusiastic self-starter, able to work with minimal or no supervision.
Experience dealing directly with internal stakeholders and external clients.

What we’re offering

Competitive salary
Private healthcare
Company pension contribution and salary sacrifice options (UK residents)
Child tax credits (UK residents)
Training and personal development
A friendly work environment where you are encouraged to share your experience, learn from others and further develop your career
Once a year company meetups in Greece (yes, we do love the sunshine!)
35 days of annual leave
Your birthday off
Company laptop / equipment
Fully remote and flexible working arrangement
Performance related bonus scheme

How to apply
If you're a team player who has a sunny disposition and is content to be very well paid for doing a job you love in a pleasant digital environment that supports innovation and creativity, then we'd love to hear from you.
Send your CV and covering letter to info@civicuk.com.
