
Overview


    Java Developer
  



    Blackpool
  



    Fully Remote
  



    Senior - £50,000 - £75,000 + Benefits
  

 


   I am representing a company that is looking to grow their ambitious team of Java Developers to assist in the development of the company's technology alongside with the development of the company's growth. This company specialises in AI, Machine Learning and Automation. They have over 20 different projects currently spread across multiple teams, which allows you to choose which project appeals to you above others.
  

 


   Offering a great structure for career progression, this company allows their Java Developers to bring influence and their own skills to the table to push projects. This company allows you to work on a mixture of greenfield and existing projects alongside a team of Java Developers, allowing you to be exposed to new aspects of the industry and grow your experience.
  

 


   The role:
  




     Work on the company's security, data systems and overall software.
   


     Work in a fast paced, driven environment.
   


     Develop their platforms alongside the fast expansion of the company.
   


     Work on greenfield and existing projects.
   

 


   The candidate:
  




     3+ years experience as a Java Developer.
   


     Experience in Spring, Spring MVC or Spring Boot.
   


     Experience in AWS,M Azure or GCP.
   


     Bsc or Msc in computer science or a similar field.
   


     Be a driven, ambitious individual.
   


     Be able to use initiative and apply your own knowledge to the project.
   

 


   If this sounds like something of interest to you, click apply now.
  

 Austin Fraser is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
 Austin Fraser is committed to being an equal opportunities employer, and encourages applications from candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity status.
 Due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide individual feedback to unsuccessful applicants.

