
 Overview: 
 
 Adelphi Real World – Programmer



 Who We Are



 Adelphi Real World is a global consultancy in healthcare. We collect and interrogate real world data to aid the pharmaceutical industry in understanding the management and treatment of specific diseases. This understanding informs the successful development of pipeline assets and the positioning of inline products. Real world data can also be used to leverage Health Outcomes / Economic argumentation through statistically validated publications
 


 The Role



 The main function of this role is to work toward scripting complex projects (internet surveys) using the dedicated software Confirmit. This will require you to develop knowledge of programming best practices using standard web development languages such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript. During busy periods you will be required to work across aspects of processing translation (knowledge of additional languages not essential) and data processing. This is a busy role that demands high levels of accuracy.
 


 Accountabilities:


 Programming online surveys using, Confirmit
 Checking online surveys for logic, text or translation errors pre-launch 
Interpretation, resolution and ability to respond to queries from fieldwork agencies 
Liaising and monitoring the progress of fieldwork within the online setting
 Working with research teams to develop online solutions
 Understanding script translation and data processing.


 The Person:


 Some experience with HTML and CSS markup and/or scripting with JavaScript/jQuery
 Relevant experience programming online surveys in Confirmit would be an advantage but not essential
 Experience with any other scripting language (VBA etc.) would also be beneficial, as would good knowledge of MS Office Applications
 Educated to degree level, with qualifications in a technical discipline or mathematics an advantage
 Excellent level of numeracy, analytical, logical and interpretive skills
 High level of interpersonal skills and working as a team player
 Able to respond to changing requirements and project needs
 Good organisational and time management skills
 Work well under pressure to meet tight deadlines 
Proactive approach to work.


 We encourage any current employee who is interested in this role and who would like further information to get in touch with Christi-Ann Thornton (Christi-Ann.Thornton@adelphigroup.com)


