Job Title:  Full Stack Software DeveloperReports To:  Development Team LeaderSalary Range: £35,000 to £55,000 (Depending on Experience)
We’re looking for a Full Stack Software Developer to join our Team!
The successful candidate will join our highly skilled aviation software development team working on our flight data management software; skybook. We work hard to plan, design and deliver multiple concurrent initiatives and strive to give our customers the best experience and offer unique features to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace. You’ll work closely with Developers at all levels, Testers, Business Analysts and the Product Owner to help ensure we are delivering high quality solutions to business challenges and requirements.
To be successful in this position you should have a passion for software engineering and have a good understanding of coding best practices, application performance, continuous integration, and unit testing to ensure we deliver a high-quality user experience.
Why work for us?
At Bytron we aim high and plan to be a Global Technology Leader and an employer of choice within our Industry. We are a Living Wage Employer and have commited our pledge to the Armed Forces Covenant as well as having a solid 4.8 rating on Glassdoor.
We genuinely believe that at the heart of every great company is a team of brilliant, driven professionals and as a values lead Company we work hard to ensure all our employees feel valued, supported and motivated to achieve their very best.
We have lots of great employee benefits, including:

25 days annual leave which rises by a day with each years service up to your 5th year
£50 Amazon voucher on your birthday
Production and Loyalty Bonus Schemes (after 12 months service)
Excellent pension scheme (5% employer contributions)
Social events
Development opportunities which includes a personal learning budget
Holiday Purchase and Buy Back Scheme
Life Assurance Benefit (4 x salary)
Pay progression opportunities
Remote working
£1,000 joining bonus (after successful probation) plus obviously the opportunity to work with a great bunch of people!

What you’ll be doing!
Work in an Agile Software Delivery team, contribute to ways of working and fully embrace a teamwork mentality through practices such as design and discovery, code reviews with a no-blame culture.
Embrace our learning driven culture; you will get to know our systems, team and domain which will help you understand requirements and build the right thing.
Engage in our Entrepreneurial Operating System (EOS) business methodology and be active, open and encourage by regular ninety-day feedback sessions.
Get involved with all steps of the product lifecycle, from coming up with an initial strategy to tackle a piece of work, through to incrementally coding, testing and releasing it using Agile development patterns, as well as supporting it after it goes live with further improvements.
We also encourage you to bring your own experience, ideas, perspectives, and share them with the team to make us even more effective!
Having a passion for quality is essential: We're looking for someone to show a determination to make things as good as they can be, with attention to detail and a willingness to suggest and implement further improvements to our processes and ways of working.
We own and support our own services, so some of your focus will be on stability, maintainability, performance, and making services easy to monitor.
You get involved in enhancing our services using NodeJS microservices and react front-ends, sitting on-top of an AWS infrastructure.
Location
We’re headquartered in Kirmington, North Lincolnshire and we also have offices in Hull, East Yorkshire although we fully support remote working so we welcome applicants from across the UK!
How to apply
To apply for this role, simply send your CV and an introduction to tell us a bit about yourself to our recruitment team: jobs@bytron.aero
The successful candidate must have the Right to Work unrestricted in the UK
This role is not open to recruitment agents
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £35,000.00-£55,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Additional leave
Casual dress
Company events
Company pension
Free parking
Life insurance
On-site parking
Referral programme
Sick pay
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus scheme
Loyalty bonus
Performance bonus
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (preferred)

Experience:

Front-end development: 2 years (required)
Back-end development: 2 years (required)

Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)

Work Location: Remote