
We’re looking for a Software Development Manager, to help our scrum teams build the market leading Dotdigital platform, which thousands of customers depend upon to power their marketing, messaging, and data experiences.  Reporting into the Software Engineering Director, and working alongside others in the senior technology team, your responsibilities will be oriented around three main pillars:



 Project delivery - ensuring that the scrum teams you’re responsible for are delivering our roadmap effectively


People and process - managing a talented team of development leads; growing them and their teams; and maintaining and improving our SDLC to help them succeed.


Technology - playing an active role in mediating technical planning and decision making, including architecture, technical debt, prioritization, quality, etc.


 We’re a distributed team with members collaborating across multiple countries, and the role can be performed remotely, though we do enjoy the opportunity to meet up periodically too. We have a strong collaborative culture, and value transparency, teamwork, and work/life balance.
 About you
 You’re passionate, yet pragmatic, about delivering the best software possible. You’re customer-centric and know that technology exists to make good products. You believe in servant-leadership, and know that your success is defined by your teams’ successes. You have proven team leadership skills and take satisfaction in seeing others grow. You’re comfortable with modern software development practices, and you are always looking for opportunities to improve how they’re applied. You’re an excellent communicator, and are comfortable connecting with both technical and non-technical teams. You’re friendly, relaxed, and empathetic.  Your day-to-day will include:

 Managing the development leads of several teams
Helping those teams optimize their working practices, prioritise effectively, and maintain and improve their velocity
Managing resourcing and scheduling of projects
Stepping into projects to help where needed
Unblocking problems, wherever they might occur
Coordination and dialogue with our Product team 
Hiring new talent into Dotdigital
Defining, and monitoring, metrics about projects, teams, and individuals
Figuring out what we can do better - we want your experience and ideas to count!

 This is not a hands-on role, and no coding is expected. However, we expect the successful candidate to be technically fluent, and have significant previous experience in a senior engineering role. In addition, recent exposure to some of the technologies in use at Dotdigital would be advantageous. We have a diversity of technologies in use, but our most common stack is:

 .NET (4.8 and .NET 5+)
Angular 
Typescript
SQL Server/BigQuery
Azure Devops for source control, work tracking, and deployment

 We're proud of our engineering teams, and we want to build strong, diverse teams of people who have different backgrounds and experiences. We offer a supportive and safe workplace that enables you to do the best work of your career. Whatever makes you unique, will help make us unique too, so get in touch and let's talk about your next role at Dotdigital!

 As an equal opportunities employer we are committed to equality in all its practices with regard to race, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. If you have any additional requirements or adjustments to assist an application then please don’t hesitate to contact us and advise us how we can best support you.
 No agencies/recruiters please. We are only accepting applications directly from the applicants. If you are a recruiter, please refrain from reaching out to our staff about this position. Anything contrary will be treated as unsolicited approach under the applicable data protection law

