Software Developer - Manchester
Salary: £40,000 - £60,000
A fantastic Software Developer opportunity has arisen to join Medical Data Solutions and Services (MDSAS). We are an award-winning and expanding software development company specialising in the development and support of national and international healthcare solutions.
Our work gives you the opportunity to input directly into projects that make a real positive difference to patients’ lives. At MDSAS your career development will benefit from our policy of adopting the latest technologies available for software development with learning resources provided.
If you are successful you will become a key part of the development team with a very varied role, with the opportunity to be involved in the projects/applications for the full life-cycle from initial discussion to implementation.
Along with colleagues in the Software Development Team, you will be working in a Microsoft development environment and will be actively involved in full stack development of bespoke web-based applications.
About you:

Enjoy learning new skills and using the best tools for the job
Strong ASP.NET web development experience
Ability to work in a team & independently and multi-task effectively
Demonstrated understanding of projects from the perspective of both client and business
Related degree qualification or equivalent experience

What you will be doing as our Software Developer:

Developing software solutions in a team using Agile methodology
Deploying solutions to in-house infrastructure and Azure
Maintaining the systems once they are up and running
Recommending improvements to existing applications as necessary

Development tools and skills of our Software Developer
Essential:

Web development using C#, ASP.NET, Javascript
T-SQL
MS-SQL Server

Very Desirable:

.NET Core, Razor Pages, Blazor, Bootstrap
Experience of Agile / Scrum environment
Cypress UI testing
Azure DevOps Pipelines
IIS

Desirable:

CI/CD
Git version control

Benefits:

Remote working supported
Pluralsight and training schemes / mentoring
Salary £40-60k depending on experience
7% pension
27 days per year holiday exc. bank holidays - plus additional bonus birthday

The job is available to UK residents only
No Agencies please.
Two-stage interview process with a short skills test. Job offer subject to DBS, reference and qualification check. Please quote job reference MDSAS-331 on application.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £40,000.00-£60,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Additional leave
Company pension
Work from home

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote