

Business & Corporate Services


ICT






Chorley & South Ribble Council Shared Service




     Job Title: Software Developer
      Location: Chorley
      Salary: £35,411 - £36,298
      Hours: 36.25 hours per week
      Contract: Permanent
      Closing Date: 7 May 2023
     
 We’re on the lookout for a Software Developer to support the design, development, testing, and implementation of software, cloud, business systems, and applications. You’ll be working on projects that will have a direct impact for residents and staff in both Chorley and South Ribble. 
     
 What you’ll be getting up to
     

You’ll support on specific ICT projects, including benefits realization and project management methodology
You’ll research the implementation of new software, products and technologies.
You’ll support the design, development, testing, and implementation of software, cloud, business systems, and applications

 Who we’re looking for
     

We’re looking for someone with knowledge of .NET Framework and C#.
You’ll have experience supporting complex ICT projects.
You’ll be able to effectively prioritise your workload to meet key objectives and deadlines

 About Us
      We are proud to be part of both Chorley and South Ribble Councils. We work closely with the councils to ensure that our services align with their objectives and priorities. And we are committed to delivering the services that make a positive impact on the lives of the residents, businesses, and visitors.
     
 Our Benefits
      In addition to our fair and transparent salaries, you’ll have 25 days annual leave plus bank holidays (and Christmas Shutdown). Access our Health Cash Plan for cash back on a variety of medical treatment and use our benefits hub for discounts on brands you love. A generous car allowance.
     
 Additional information
      Applicants are advised to apply early. We reserve the right to close a vacancy prior to the closing date if a high number of applications are received.
     
 Equal Opportunities
     
 We believe that everyone has the right to be treated with dignity and respect. We are committed to the elimination of unfair and unlawful discrimination and prejudice in all our policies, procedures, and practices.
     
 We’re committed to making our recruitment practices barrier-free and accessible to everyone. This includes making adjustments for disabled people, neurodiverse people or people with long-term health conditions. If you would like us to do anything differently during the application, interview or assessment process, please contact us at human.resources@chorley.gov.uk.
     
 If you are disabled or your last employer was the armed forces, and you meet all the essential criteria of a post, you will be guaranteed an interview.
    





salary from


£35,411


contract


permanent


working hours


full time


application deadline


11 59 pm 
7th May 2023



 Report an issue 
   








    Report an issue
   


