
Summary


   Salary:
  

   Competitive
  

   Team:
  

   Graduates, Interns and Apprentices
  

   Location:
  

   United Kingdom - Malmesbury Office
  







About us
 Dyson is a global technology enterprise. We solve the problems others choose to ignore, with surprising new inventions that defy convention and simply work better. We’re driven by progress and thrive on the challenge of relentless improvement. We’re growing fast and our ambition is huge – more categories, more locations, and more people.
 Our scale and rapid growth make Dyson rich in new opportunities. We value new ideas and diverse perspectives, so our people are trusted with real work and responsibility from the outset. You’ll develop fast and have the chance to move into different business areas and regions. And you’ll be part of a global network of curious people – a community that supports and learns from each other.
 At Dyson we do things differently. We look for the brightest new interns with the right attitude to thrive in our unique culture. We offer real jobs with real salaries and real prospects. You will have the autonomy and freedom to excel and have real impact on our business. We aim to inspire you to become our future leaders. This is why we need creative thinkers, people who are motivated and drive themselves forward.


 About the role
 We push the boundaries of what others have defined as possible. Our engineering approach starts with different thinking. Then we continuously refine our ideas – unwilling to compromise and driven by an obsession for finding a better way. Today we employ more than 5,800 people around the world in software engineering, mechanical engineering and science related roles.
 You will be interacting with teams across Research, Design & Development (RDD), including product developers ensuring our solutions are functional, secure and easy to use. Depending on your skillset you could be working on real time embedded software, robotics, mobile App development, debugging, cloud computing, simulation, test or fast prototyping in C/C++.
 Working alongside engineers, scientists and technical experts across a broad range of disciplines, you’ll be comfortable learning from others but also sharing your own knowledge, ideas and opinions.
 For the duration of your internship, you will have regular performance conversations as well as opportunities for development to enable you to build your reputation within the wider team and we’ll be looking to offer our high performing interns the opportunity to return on our graduate programme.


 Please note

 We do not offer hybrid/remote working for this position
 We ask that you provide evidence of your work with your application if relevant (e.g., website or portfolio)
 A cover letter is not required



 About you
 Our roles are competitive and delivering the next generation of Dyson technology is tough, so you will need to be:

 Be working towards a computer science or software engineering (or related) degree
 Be an undergraduate seeking a 12-month placement in your penultimate year of your undergraduate or combined masters degree programme (exceptions allowed for 5 year programmes with a placement in the third year).
 Able to evidence how you have applied your technical knowledge to solve problems, either through your university projects or as part of your extra-curricular activities
 Happy to build your own networks to learn from the technical expertise around you.
 Creative problem solver with the ability to multitask in a rapidly changing environment.
 Passionate about Dyson and our technology to help us meet our ambitious future plans.
 Above all, you will want to play a key part in bringing the next generation of Dyson technology to the world.



 Benefits
 Financial

 Performance related bonus scheme
 Competitive pension scheme
 Life assurance
 Discounts on Dyson machines
 Free bus travel to and from campus (from Bristol, Bath, Chippenham, and Swindon)

 Lifestyle

 27 days’ holiday (plus bank holidays)
 Free on-site lunches, fruit, and hot drinks
 Free on-site sports centre, gym, and hair-salon at our Malmesbury office
 Lifestyle assist (concierge)
 Ability to purchase additional holiday
 A relaxed dress code

 Health

 Private medical insurance and dental insurance
 Employee assistance programme, digital GP, prescription service, fertility treatment support

 #LI-DYSON
 Dyson is an equal opportunity employer. We know that great minds don’t think alike, and it takes all kinds of minds to make our technology so unique. We welcome applications from all backgrounds and employment decisions are made without regard to race, colour, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other any other dimension of diversity.



