About Recite Me 

 We’re building the future of accessibility – come and join our mission of achieving accessibility for all. 

 Recite Me is the leading provider of cloud accessibility and digital inclusion software. A true Global SaaS success story, our flagship accessibility toolbar is used by thousands of organisations globally, including many household names, and we are on a journey towards our goal of accessibility for all. 

 As an innovative tech company in a period of scaling-up, we are growing fast and are now in need of a superstar Javascript developer to join our UK Development Team. 

 About the Role 

 We’re looking for an enthusiastic, driven, and talented Javascript developer to join our team. 

 It’s an exciting time to join the team, and take ownership of when and where to use Javascript. 

 This will cover both existing and also brand-new projects and you will be given autonomy to plan, architect and deliver solutions the way you see best! You will also help us in our mission to cover a wide range of accessibility solutions for our clients as well as be directly involved with our latest product release. 

 Working within a team of experienced and friendly developers you will be able to share best practices, communicate freely and learn/be mentored where necessary. 

 About You 

 A self-starter with a keen interest in software development, keeping up to date with the latest technologies and changes and/or improvements to best practice. 

 You’ll be proactive, and make contributions in team sessions or individually if the need arises. 

 Having worked in a team environment you’ll be able to establish good working relationships to ensure smooth development of projects, efficient resolution of any issues and defects as well as generally feel part of a great team and make other new starters feel just as welcome. 

 Goes without saying good time management, communication skills, and attention to detail will all be part of your day-to-day work ethic as well as pride in your development skills. 

 You can showcase your best and most impressive work in a portfolio. 

 We’d like you to have the following Essential Skills and Experience 

 Minimum 2 to 3 years of Javascript commercial experience working on a variety of projects 

 Competent in TypeScript 

 Proficient in HTML5 and CSS coding 

 Know how to prioritise tasks, provide accurate time estimations until completion, and get things done by agreed deadlines. 

 Produce efficient and compliant, readable code 

 Good understanding of application scalability and writing scalable code 

 Good understanding of modern web browsers 

 Keen attention to efficient and performant code 

 Good understanding of DOM manipulation 

 Benefits 

 22 days holiday plus bank holidays 

 3/5 hybrid working 

 Top-of-the-range kit 

 Opportunity to work with a close-knit talented development team 

 Flexible start 

 10 days workcation 

 Regular performance reviews 

 Social events 

 Remuneration 

 Salary - reflective of experience 

 Location 

 Office-based, Newcastle/Gateshead Quays HQ (Remote during C19) 

 Hours 

 40 Hour Per Week, Flexible start (08:00-10:00) and end times (16:30 – 18:30)