



    Reference: NIYAZ - React_1669736730 Date Posted: 29.11.22
   









Contract React Developer / 6-Month Contract / Remote/Hybrid (Leeds) / £550 p/d Outside IR35
 Are you a Contract React Developer? Are you ready for your next challenge? Are you wanting a company that will help you progress? Well, look no further.
 At Corecom Consulting, providing you with everything you need is something we specialise in. We are in search for a Contract React Developer to join one of our top clients.
 Our client is an international business with a great reputation. Their head office is based in Leeds City Centre. You will have a flexible working environment, with 2 days on site each month. This will be a 6-month contract with a possibility of an extension.
 What you can look forward to:

6-Month initial contract
Remote/Hybrid Working - 2 days in the office per month
Flexible working environment
Working outside IR35
On-site parking
Day rate (£550 p/d Outside IR35)
Greenfield project

Requirements for this role: 

Good level of experience as a React Developer
Great interpersonal skills
TDD and Agile software development experience
Experience with Vue.js, CSS, Node.js (Desired)
Good attention to detail
Strong time management and punctual skills

This is an opportunity that you don't want to miss out on. You will have complete autonomy. You will be able to work how you want to work. No prying eyes watching your every move. As long as you get the work done, that's what matters! However, it is important to our client that you will be able to communicate well with others and work well in a team.
 To be considered for this role then please apply as soon as possible as this is an opportunity you don't want to miss out on. Don't forget to include your email, contact number and your CV.
 If you have any queries, then don't hesitate to email me at: 
Or call on: 0113 856 2686
 
Contract React Developer / 6-Month Contract / Remote/Hybrid (Leeds) / £550 p/d Outside IR35





      Job location:
     

      Leeds, West Yorkshire
     



      Salary:
     

      Up to £550 per day
     



      Salary per:
     

      day
     



      Job duration:
     

      6 months
     



      Job start date:
     

      2022-10-24
     



      Job industry:
     

      Software Development
     









Job Details




        Leeds, West Yorkshire
       




        Contract
       




        Up to £550 per day
       







