
 Company Description
  Discover the Unexpected
 Experian is the world’s leading global information services company. We’re passionate about unlocking the power of data in order to transform lives and create opportunities for consumers, businesses and society. For more than 125 years, we’ve helped economies and communities flourish – and we’re not done.
 Our 21k amazing employees in 40+ countries believe the possibilities for you, and the world, are growing. We’re investing in the future, through new technologies, talented people and innovation so we can help create a better tomorrow. To do this we employ the brightest minds that share our purpose and want to make a difference.
 Why this role is important to us
 We are seeking a Frontend Developer to join our website optimisation team within the consumer services business (ECS).
 We are a customer facing business with an exciting and innovative product roadmap. You will be responsible for creating optimisation test campaigns (e.g. A/B, targeting, personalisation) across our web platforms as we test out new changes to our ECS products. In this role you will work closely with the other developers in the team, offering coaching and mentoring to less experienced developers, sharing knowledge through constructive code review as well as working with engineers in other tech areas and stakeholders across the Marketing team.
 What you’ll bring to the role
 We're looking for a highly proficient Frontend Software Engineer in their engineering domain with strong experience of working with React and Typescript, JavaScript (ES6), HTML5 and CSS3 including web performance and accessibility.
 An understanding of A/B testing and tracking methodologies for web analytics (e.g. working with tag management tools, e.g. Ensighten / Google Tag Manager) would be an advantage.
 Our dev teams work in a hybrid working pattern with on average one or two days per month in our Nottingham office.
 Our uniqueness is that we truly celebrate yours.
 Experian's culture and people are key differentiators. We take our people agenda very seriously. We focus on what truly matters; DEI, work/life balance, development, authenticity, engagement, collaboration, wellness, reward & recognition, volunteering... the list goes on. We’re an award winning organisation due to our strong people first approach.
 Innovation is a critical part of Experian's DNA and practices, and our diverse workforce drives our success. Everyone can succeed at Experian and bring their whole self to work, irrespective of their gender, ethnicity, colour, sexuality, physical ability or age. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know at the earliest opportunity.
 Could this be the role for you? Apply now to start your journey with Experian.
 #LI - TH1



 Additional Information
 
 Experian Careers - Creating a better tomorrow together
 Find out what its like to work for Experian by clicking here
