

  Come join Analog Devices (ADI) – a place where Innovation meets Impact. For more than 55 years, Analog Devices has been inventing new breakthrough technologies that transform lives. At ADI you will work alongside the brightest minds to collaborate on solving complex problems that matter from autonomous vehicles, drones and factories to augmented reality and remote healthcare.
 


   ADI fosters a culture that focuses on employees through beneficial programs, aligned goals, continuous learning opportunities, and practices that create a more sustainable future.
 


   ADI At A Glance
 

   Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI) is a global semiconductor leader that bridges the physical and digital worlds to enable breakthroughs at the Intelligent Edge. ADI combines analog, digital, and software technologies into solutions that help drive advancements in digitized factories, mobility, and digital healthcare, combat climate change, and reliably connect humans and the world. With revenue of more than $12 billion in FY22 and approximately 25,000 people globally working alongside 125,000 global customers, ADI ensures today’s innovators stay Ahead of What’s Possible.
 


   About Our Team
 

   As automotive technology becomes more advanced, the need for software solutions increases. With immersive audio platforms, precision electrification and advanced warning systems, our customers are building the future on Analog Devices’ processors. Through ADI’s best-in-class CrossCore Embedded Studio software development environment, the Development Tools Engineering (DTE) team strives to give our customers a development experience that allows them not only to create incredible products, but to produce them faster than ever before.
 

   Who we are looking for
 

   Analog Devices, Inc. is seeking versatile software developers with a desire to learn and a passion for code. In the ADI Development Tools Engineering group, we are full-stack developers – from Java and React right down to developing our own in-circuit emulators for our processors, so come join us and expand your skillset.
 

   Job Responsibilities
 

 Build and maintain ADI’s best-in-class CrossCore Embedded Studio’s Eclipse-based Integrated Development Environment (IDE) and surrounding tools
 Work with teams from around the company to provide next generation tools technologies
 Work with customers to design software to satisfy their needs
 Provide exceptional customer support
 Work to meet clearly defined schedules as part of a distributed team working with other amazing employees all over the world


   Minimum Qualifications
 

 BS or MS in CompE, CS, or EE with SW development experience
 Demonstrated ability to characterize, debug and troubleshoot issues in software applications
 A strong interest in software development for embedded devices
 Strong Java and C/C++ skills
 Strong analytical and problem solving skills
 Extremely detail oriented
 Strong interest in continually learning new skills and technologies
 A team player with strong communication skills as well as the ability to work autonomously in our supportive environment if required


   Differentiating Qualifications
 

 Experience with designing and building User Interfaces (UI)
 Experience using in-circuit debuggers and programmers
 Experience developing with an Eclipse IDE (exposure to Eclipse plug-ins is a plus), Microsoft Visual Studio and command line tools
 Experience with both Linux and Windows operating systems
 Experience with scripting languages such as Python
 An interest in web technologies, such as TypeScript, Node.js, and React
 Comfortable taking calculated risks



   Why you will like working at ADI:
 

 We place great value on individual judgment.
 We give you the opportunity to contribute to the development of system level solutions that make a difference.
 We have a robust community that encourages participation in group activities, both internal and external.
 You will have opportunities to work with team members and customers around the world.
 Where others see challenges, we see opportunities.
 We allow our employees the freedom to explore new ideas and the autonomy to determine how to best achieve business goals and objectives.
 We emphasize professional development and mentoring.
 Above all, we recognize that the personal goals of our employees and the company’s goals are closely related and must support each other.



 For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process.



 Analog Devices is an equal opportunity employer. We foster a culture where everyone has an opportunity to succeed regardless of their race, color, religion, age, ancestry, national origin, social or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, disability, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status, union membership, and political affiliation, or any other legally protected group.

 Job Req Type: Graduate Job
 
 Required Travel: Yes, 10% of the time

