Music makes life better, and Linn have been making the world’s best music systems for over 45 years. We are a global Scottish luxury brand, from our legendary turntables to our industry-leading network music players, everything’s designed, made and signed with pride in our custom-built facility here in the south side of Glasgow.At Linn, everyone makes a difference, so we’re committed to finding the best talent around. We’ve found that once people join Linn, they tend to stick around. That’s why we’re passionate about developing our people and offering opportunities for everyone to learn and grow.We aim to be the best at everything we do and that applies to our software development teams too.The RoleIn partnership with our colleagues at the University of Glasgow we are looking for a graduate apprentice to join our I.T. Development team. Applicants must achieve the minimum academic entry tariff for the Software Engineering (Graduate Apprenticeship) degree course at the University of Glasgow as detailed below in Entry Requirements.We are a small and collaborative team dedicated to following best practices and writing the best software we possibly can. We’re enthusiastic adopters of tools and techniques that help us deliver better software: we’re advocates of agile development; we practice continuous integration and delivery; our applications are built, tested and hosted in the cloud.You will be working within our development team writing software for every part of the business including cloud support for products, websites and website backends, internal office, factory and logistics systems and integration with machines, AGVs and warehouse control systems.Why Linn?Linn is the perfect place for you to learn. You will have strong guidance and support from the team but will also be handed real responsibility to achieve tangible business results.You will have access to, and experience of, the complete software stack and accompanying dev-ops. You will also have influence over the future direction of our systems too.We don’t have any expectations of you except that you have passion for writing great software. We will teach you the rest.With R&D, Sales, Marketing, Logistics and Production all on one site at Linn, you won’t just experience software development. For anyone with an interest in Business you will be involved in every aspect of a company developing, engineering, building and selling products to every corner of the world.As a Healthy Working Lives awarded employer, Linn offers flexible and home working and many other benefits including an onsite gym, Healthy Living awarded canteen, online GP access, generous staff discount and exercise classes.It’s a great place to be – come and join us.Entry RequirementsThe Graduate Apprenticeship is delivered in partnership with our colleagues at the University of Glasgow. Applicants must achieve the minimum academic entry tariff for the Software Engineering (Graduate Apprenticeship) degree course as follows:SQA Higher Entry RequirementsBBBB or above achieved by S6. Must include Mathematics and ideally two Science subjects.A-level Standard Entry RequirementsBBB or above. Must include Mathematics.HND or HNC Entry RequirementsGrade B achieved in Computing, Software Development or Computer Games Development.All the above MUST include the Maths Calculus Module OR candidates must have Higher Maths at B or above.If you have questions about your academic eligibility, please email Anna and Claire at UofG on compsci-ga-team@glasgow.ac.ukGraduate Apprenticeships are funded by the Students Award Agency for Scotland and applicants must also meet their eligablity and residency requirements outlined here: https://www.saas.gov.uk/full-time/graduate-apprenticeshipsHow to applyTo apply please ensure that you meet, or are on track to meet the Glasgow University's Software Engineering (Graduate Apprenticeship) minimum academic entry tariff or your application cannot be considered. Should you you meet said criteria please send your CV and cover letter to recruitment@linn.co.uk
Job Types: Full-time, Apprenticeship