


Job description

As a Software Engineer, a typical day may include the following: 
Design and build new modules that help us move towards a cloud-native distributed system. 
Provide technical advice and weigh in on technical decisions that impact other teams or the company at large by collaborating with stakeholders. 
Research and propose new technologies. 
Take initiative to identify and solve important problems, and coordinate with others on cross-cutting technical issues. 
Identify and proactively tackle technical debt before it grows into debt that requires significant up-front work to resolve 
Partner with our architectural and platform teams. 
Improve and support our existing services and integrations.
 Skills:
 Must Haves: 
Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills. 
5+ years building and supporting well architected, service-based systems. 
3+ years writing Java code with experience with Spring Framework. 
Experience writing complicated SQL and an understanding of relational databases. 
Experience working with Hibernate. 
Experience working with message queues/messaging frameworks. 
Success in writing understandable and testable code while embracing unit and integration test concepts.
 Experience with test driven development, unit testing and mocking frameworks. 
Working with a team of people on engaging problems which often require independent research that excites you. 
You can clearly articulate technical concepts to developers, managers, and less technical colleagues. 
Experience working with CI/CD pipelines. 
Nice to Haves: 
Containerization, Docker, Kubernetes. 
Experience with cloud providers (AWS, Azure) and cloud native solutions. 
Experience working with Spring Boot. 
Experience working with MariaDB. 
Experience with Apache Camel and Apache ActiveMQ. 
Experience working with Mockito or EasyMock. 
Experience with Vaadin or similar Java UI frameworks 
Experience with automation testing frameworks such as Selenium
 Benefits:
 This position is also eligible for an annual corporate bonus of 8%.
 Regular opportunities for executive leadership exposure 
Access to top-notch learning courses through LinkedIn Learning 
Regular manager check-ins to drive performance and career growth 
A growing network of employee resource groups 
Pension scheme – Pension scheme with Standard Life. 
Life Assurance scheme – Cover in place for 4 x base salary.
 Private Medical Insurance scheme – Company funded family cover with vitality. Equal Opportunity

     If you feel you have the skills and experience needed for this role; please do apply now.
   



Job reference
PS14219
Job type
Full Time, Permanent
Job Location
Remote
Salary
£44100-62200 / year

