
Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields at time of application.
Knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals such as algorithm design, data structures, problem solving and complexity analysis.
Basic operating systems knowledge.
Development experience in C and/or C++ and/or Python.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Fluent written and verbal English communication skills.
 Do you want to solve business challenges through innovative technology? Do you enjoy working on cutting-edge, scalable services technology in a team environment? Do you like working on industry-defining projects that move the needle? 
At Amazon, we hire the best minds in technology to innovate and build on behalf of our customers. The intense focus we have on our customers is why we are one of the world’s most beloved brands – customer obsession is part of our company DNA. Our interns write real software and collaborate with a selected group of experienced software development engineers who help interns on projects that matter to our customers. 
As an intern, you will be matched to a manager and a mentor. You will have the opportunity to impact the evolution of Amazon technology as well as lead mission critical projects early in your career. Your design, code, and raw smarts will contribute to solving some of the most complex technical challenges in the areas of distributed systems, data mining, automation, optimization, scalability, and security – just to name a few. 
In addition to working on an impactful project, you will have the opportunity to engage with Amazonians for both personal and professional development, expand your network, and participate in fun activities with other interns throughout internship. No matter the location of your internship, we give you the tools to own your project and learn in a real world setting. Many of our technologies overlap—you would be hard pressed to find a team that is not using Amazon Web Services (AWS), touching the catalogue, or iterating services to better personalize for customers. 
If this sounds interesting, come chart your own path at Amazon! 
Amazon internships are full-time (40 hours/week) and vary in length to fit in with your university’s program. Some are three months, others can be six months or even up to 12 months. Typically internships commence at the same time as University holidays over the summer months and in some locations internships start dates can vary throughout the year. Applicants should have at a minimum one quarter/semester remaining after their internship concludes. 

 Key job responsibilities 


Collaborate with experienced cross-disciplinary Amazonians to conceive, design, and bring to market innovative products and services.
Design and build innovative technologies in a large distributed computing environment and help lead fundamental changes in the industry.
Create solutions to run predictions on distributed systems with exposure to innovative technologies at incredible scale and speed.
Build distributed storage, index, and query systems that are scalable, fault-tolerant, low cost, and easy to manage/use.
Ability to design and code the right solutions starting with broadly defined problems.
Work in an agile environment to deliver high quality software.
 Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. For an update on your status, or to confirm your application was submitted successfully, please login to your candidate portal. Please note that Amazon works with a high volume of applicants. We appreciate your patience as we review applications for future Amazonians! 
Your internship will take place in the location stated in this Job Description. Internship format will be discussed at the offer stage. 



Previous technical internship(s) if applicable
On track to achieve at least a 60% degree score
Experience with distributed, multi-tiered systems, algorithms, and relational databases
Experience in optimization mathematics such as linear programming and nonlinear optimization
Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions
Adept at handling ambiguous or undefined problems as well as ability to think abstractly
 Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates. 

 Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need an adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please contact the Applicant-Candidate Accommodation Team (ACAT), Monday through Friday from 7:00 am GMT - 4:00 pm GMT. If calling directly from the United Kingdom, please dial +44 800 086 9884 (tel: +448000869884). If calling from Ireland, please dial +353 1800 851 489 (tel: +3531800851489).