
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. has expanded its consumer business and we have launched a new digital retail bank in the UK. We are offering consumers a completely new banking experience. Under the Chase brand, the bank provides products and features tailored to meet the needs of customers in the UK, made available via an innovative mobile app. 
 
 Our team is at the heart of building this new venture, focused on developing offerings that put the customer at the center. We have created a new organization and we are looking for solution-oriented, commercially minded, customer-focused engineers, used to working in a true agile environment who want to be a part of something new, built from the ground up as a green-field with zero legacy initiative within a global, diverse and inclusive team. 
 
 Culture is as important to us and we are looking for intellectually curious, new technology passionate individuals who would like to expand their skills whilst working on a new exciting venture for the firm. Your work will have a direct impact to our customers as our business expands around the world. 
 

Lead Software Developer in Test - Chase UK 

 As a Lead Software Test Engineer you will be responsible for: 
 

Being part of a tribe as the point of contact for quality and test engineering 
Working with the tribe to define and implement the test strategies and test plans 
Responsible for the quality and testing engineering improvement roadmap for the tribe 
Working across tribes and chapters to deliver test strategies and improvements 
Co-ordinate and lead tribe test resources 
Automating tests and building sufficient and meaningful test coverage 
Developing from scratch or contributing to existing testing frameworks and test infrastructure 
Integrating automated tests with CI/CD pipelines 
Championing a quality and test mindset across unit, integration, functional, non-functional testing 
Developing metrics and trend analysis for testing activities 
Triaging, analysing , and debugging issues and driving issues resolution with the team 
Initiating and completing test escape and root cause analysis, testing lessons learned 
Recommending test process improvements and defect prevention actions 
Working with teams in multiple locations in different time zones, review code PRs from the wider team. 


Mininum qualifications: 


Bachelor's degree in Electrical/Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent practical experience. 
Experience in defining test strategies for complex systems 
Strong hands-on professional experience (actively coding) working as a software developer in test. 


Preferred Skills/Qualifications: 


Strong programming skills in Java (additional experience in Javascript is a bonus) 
Previous experience in application development is desirable 
Experience building testing frameworks, tools, and automation 
Test automation using BDD practices using supporting test automation frameworks 
Mobile test automation using tools such as Cucumber, Appium, and Detox desirable 
Mobile application and mobile browser testing on physical devices and simulators running on both iOS and Android platforms desirable 
Back-end test automation experience using REST Assured, HTTP clients, libraries for working with JSON files and other tools relevant for test automation of APIs desirable 
Understanding of distributed systems and experience working with cloud technologies (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure) desirable. 
Understanding of relational and no-SQL databases. 
Experience with containers (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.) desirable 
Experience with (incl. setting up and troubleshooting) distributed test execution on the remote grid of devices 
Experience with (incl. setting up and troubleshooting) mobile applications build and deployment pipelines desirable 
Experience with non-functional testing e.g. accessibility, client side performance testing etc. 
Proven experience in all aspects of functional, integration and regression testing 
Clean coding and adherence to the software engineering best practices (DRY, SOLID, etc.) with a focus on scalable and maintainable test execution infrastructure 
Familiarity with the Atlassian toolset 
Knowledge and experience working in an Agile environment. 

 #ICBCareer #ChaseUK #ICBEngineering
  JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
