
We are looking for the right people — people who want to innovate, achieve, grow and lead. We attract and retain the best talent by investing in our employees and empowering them to develop themselves and their careers. Experience the challenges, rewards and opportunity of working for one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the global energy industry.

 We are looking to recruit an experienced individual to fill a vacant Front End Developer position within our Landmark Product Line, specifically in Neftex Technical Solutions Team based out of our Abingdon office, Oxfordshire. Successful candidates will be evidently enthusiastic and motivated people who we can train up in our processes, and ultimately play a key role in communicating the website vision across both Product Management, Website Designers, and customers. We are looking for people who have bags of enthusiasm and a desire to solve complex problems, particularly associated with debugging the front end, making design and content changes, and liaising with Back End Development teams to maintain the web-based offering for long-term customer success.
 
Our organization is comprised of several product teams responsible for defining, designing, developing, and supporting an integrated subsurface evaluation solution that meets business needs across the energy sector. As such there are diverse requirements associated with our front-end workflows, maintenance, and design decisions. The successful candidate will be fundamental in creating code, solving problems, and formulating efficient processes to support a seamless experience for users to support these requirements.

 Minimum Qualifications:

 Degree in computer programming, related subjects or equivalent industry experience (4-5 years)

 Preferred Experience: 

TypeScript / Javascript 
React JS & Redux
 Expert knowledge of ReactJS class lifecycles and hooks api.
 NodeJS
 Webpack, Babel, NPM
 Experience working with REST based APIs
 SASS, LESS, CSS
 Experience working with frontend toolkits such as Bootstrap, MaterialUI, Tailwind
 Git version control / CI/CD
 Experience in server-side coding eg. C#, SQL
 Desirable skills required: Experience working with Open layers, GeoJSON, Turf.js
 AWS
 TDD (Jest, Mocha, Chai)
 Figma / Wireframing / UI design experience


 Responsibilities include: 

Discussing the website vision with Website Designers and, in some cases, clients
 Evaluating wireframes and website mock-ups 
Building on code supplied by Back End Developers so websites look and function according to briefs
 Identifying and applying inbuilt development functions from content management systems
 Maintaining websites for long-term clients, making design and content changes as requested
 Collaboration with geospatial and web development contractors 
Debugging the front end and reporting bugs in back end to Back End Developers


 Halliburton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, citizenship, marital status, sex/gender, sexual preference/ orientation, gender identity, age, veteran status, national origin, or any other status protected by law or regulation.

 Location
 97 Jubilee Avenue, Milton Park, Abingdon, Oxfordshire, OX14 4RW, United Kingdom

 Job Details
 Requisition Number: 175808 Experience Level: Experienced Hire Job Family: Engineering/Science/Technology Product Service Line: Landmark Software & Services Full Time / Part Time: Full Time
 Additional Locations for this position:

 Compensation Information Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience.
