

Work with an exciting Software House using Java, Spring Boot, AWS and Typescript
 Join a growing team and have the chance to make a real impact

About Our Client
 My client give businesses a competitive edge through the development of bespoke software and consultancy. Working with high profile clients on complex and innovative projects, they have a highly skilled technical team that delivers great results. They don't make the same mistakes that are seen in large IT teams, where process gets in the way of outcomes. They're practical, commercially minded and keep things simple and honest. They focus on building the right technology for their customers to ensure they get a great return.
Job Description
 You'll be part of an agile team delivering high quality software solutions to the clients. As a Senior Developer, you'll work on a range of contemporary projects using modern cloud technologies and development infrastructure. You will have solid full stack skills and experience as well as a desire to collaborate with other members of the team and be involved in every aspect of delivery and cloud operations.  The successful candidates main responsibilities will be: 

 Collaborating to design and build features from user stories.
Communicating with clients and client teams as appropriate.
Helping provide "build and run" devops style operations.
Contributing to the NewRedo SDLC agile delivery process.
Producing high quality code on a regular agile cadence.
Advocate for quality and engineering design through code reviews and collaboration.
Providing help and mentoring to junior team members.

The Successful Applicant

   They're looking for flexible problem solver with a growth mindset. You need to enjoy learning, being resourceful and leading within an adaptable, collaborative team. You should enjoy interacting with clients and working with client teams in a consulting setting and happily put your ego to one side to build an environment that gets the best from everyone.
  
 The ideal candidate will have:
  


A Strong Java background
HTML, CSS and Javascript
Experience building RESTful web services
A solid understanding of agile delivery and teamwork
Happy working remotely but able to travel to Leeds
Experience with TDD and BDD infrastructure and test artefacts

 Bonus points for:
  


Modern web front end experience - React, Angular or similar SPA framework
Knowledge of AWS or other cloud platforms like Azure, Google cloud services
Continuous integration / build infrastructure + source control
RDBMS and exposure to document databases like MongoDB, CouchDB or Elasticsearch
Be able to attain SC clearance
Appreciation of system security requirements, including OWASP top 10


What's on Offer
 What's in it for you? 

 A competitive salary. 
Flexible / remote working or a desk in our Leeds office.
25 days holiday + bank holidays
Company pension scheme.
Ongoing learning and mentorship opportunities.
Cycle to Work Scheme

