


Be part of something bigger. Doing things differently.
 Lecturer or Senior Lecturer in Software Engineering (The level of appointment would be determined by the selection panel following an interview.)




 Nottingham Trent University
 NTU is a great place to work. We take care of our colleagues with flexible and competitive packages, and the opportunities for genuine professional progress. We respect and value all our staff because we know that it takes a strong and diverse workforce to maintain the kind of success we’ve achieved. Our award-winning research is celebrated around the world, and we’re proud of our strategic partnerships. It’s all down to the ability of our people to shape, create and innovate, in whatever capacity they work with us. Our continued success — underpinned by the number of prestigious national awards we’ve won — has hinged on two commitments: creating excellent global collaborations and harnessing the talents of all our people. NTU is a university at the peak of its powers, but we know we can still go even further. Join us in our mission to become ‘the university of the future’ — seize the challenge and adventure of working with an organisation where progress never stops. This is your career, reimagined.
 More information about the Department of Computer Science and our courses is available from the department website (https://www.ntu.ac.uk/study-and-courses/academic-schools/science-and-technology/Computer-Science).




 About the Role
 We are offering exciting lecturing opportunities within the Department of Computer Science at NTU. The department resides within the School of Science and Technology on the Clifton Campus, and there are excellent collaborative opportunities with colleagues in other departments and research centres. The department is seeking to appoint permanent Lecturer/Senior Lecturer posts in Computer Science. As a successful applicant, you will be expected to contribute to the existing teaching strength of the department and have a record of success within the field relating to a) research or b) professional practice, or c) scholarship activities. Applications are welcomed from individuals who have an excellent teaching track record and a willingness to continue developing their academic research or practice profile.
 We are particularly keen to hear from those with expertise in one or more of the following sub-disciplines:

 Programming Languages;
 Software Development;
 Software Testing;
 Cloud Computing;
 Mobile Application Development.

 The department has research strengths in Interactive Systems, Computational Intelligence, Cognitive Computing, Pervasive Computing, and Cybersecurity, with active research groups breaking new ground in these fields.
 You will possess excellent communication and presentation skills, being capable of teaching both undergraduate and postgraduate students across our portfolio of courses within the Computer Science department. You will also be an inspiring educator interested in creating engaging learning experiences. You should be able to make a significant contribution to our ambitious plan for delivering innovative, industry-focused education. 
If you are interested in this opportunity, please submit a single document, including a covering letter and a full CV. In your cover letter, please specify your preferred plan relating to developing research or professional practice or scholarship activities.
 For any specific queries in relation to this position that the online information does not cover, then please contact: Professor Ahmad Lotfi, Head of Department of Computer Science, via CMPMgtAdmin@ntu.ac.uk




 Doing it Right
 NTU prides itself on being an inclusive employer. We value and celebrate equality in opportunities, and we welcome applications from people who reflect the diversity of our communities.
 This role is open to non-UK/Irish applicants subject to current UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI) rules. Please ensure that you have the appropriate right to work in the UK for this role and consult the Home Office website for further information.
 We’re proud of how far we’ve come. With a shared vision, we are a community of more than 4,000 colleagues, all committed to our goal of becoming ‘the university of the future’. Do you have the passion to help us to go even further? www.ntu.ac.uk
 Please note that this role is covered by the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (1974) and successful applicants will be asked to declare any unspent criminal convictions.


