Due to company expansion, I am looking for a Junior level Software Test Engineer to join a progressive, fast-growing Data and Technology company located in Surrey.
The office is located very centrally, just a close walk from a train station and there is plenty of local parking available. There is a competitive salary on offer, good company benefits, excellent training and a positive and supportive team and working environment.
You will be at a Graduate level and ideally have a minimum of one year experience within Software Testing and you are looking to learn new skills and technologies and progress your testing career further.
The role is to involve the testing of systems, software, regression and integration testing across the whole business. Working closely with the development team, you will be creating test plans using Azure DevOps Test plans and seeing the work through to release.
Working in an Agile environment and ensuring that the testing is always of a high standard and quality.
This is an urgent position and ideally my customer are looking for the successful person to start early part of April.
There is hybrid working on offer of two days in the office and three days working from home per week. However, you are welcome to spend more time in the office if you wish to.
Skills and experience:

Experience of SQL Server is essential
Minimum of one year’s commercial experience as a Software/Systems Tester
Graduate level, ideally a Computer Science/Software Engineering/Mathematical degree or similar
Experience of working with Oracle is desirable
Experience of working with online web systems
Clear communication skills both verbal and written
Any knowledge of Agile is an advantage
Strong problem solving skills
Analytical abilities and an interest in data
Enjoy working part of a passionate and hard working team
Love learning new skills and technologies

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent, Graduate
Salary: £28,000.00-£30,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Company events
Company pension
Free parking
Sick pay
Transport links
Work from home

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Holidays
Monday to Friday
No weekends

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Horley: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Surrey
Reference ID: CAM/JUNTESTENG/MARCH2023Expected start date: 03/04/2023