

We're a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but there's still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?

 Our tech hubs are located in London, Edinburgh and Copenhagen, we are open to candidates working in these locations, or remotely across the UK and Denmark.
 We are growing our engineering teams at Trustpilot and are looking to welcome onboard multiple Software Engineers. Our vacancies sit across multiple teams in our Engineering function covering Consumer, B2B and Trust.
 As a Software Engineer I you will be expected to own your work but with the support of your fellow team members when needed. Our engineering teams have a balance of team member seniority so that you will have the opportunity to grow and receive mentorship in your career. We want all of our engineers to understand the value of the features they deliver; you will work in a cross functional team along with product & design to enable this.
 Our teams work closely with other departments such as product management, data science, data analytics, sales, and customer support to understand customer needs, gather requirements, and deliver high-quality products that meet or exceed customer expectations.
 Teams which are hiring:
 B2B (Business) - projects include sentiment analysis of review text to determine topics of interest that drive a business's TrustScore, enabling businesses to collect reviews through various channels, personalizing the product experience for business users, and many more initiatives aimed at growing our offerings and helping businesses build trust within their communities.
 Trust and Transparency - work involves leveraging a high volume of data in order to detect abuse or misuse on the platform, such as: detecting scam content or fake reviews at scale. For example, in 2021, we removed 2.7 million fake reviews (5.8% of total 2021 reviews).
 What you'll be doing:

Work in a cross-functional "full ownership" team alongside Product, Design and Data Science where you will take part in every step of the process of building, from ideation and design to architecture, code, deployment and maintenance
Take part in decision making and design discussions during development
Help plan, implement and release new features
Troubleshoot existing software, squashing those nasty little bugs
Analyze, gather and aggregate data to support decisions, both technical and non-technical
Seek support & guidance from senior engineers & your manager to help grow your skills and your career

Who you are:

Familiarity with full-stack web development
Experience in working with RESTful APIs
Familiarity with component-based front-end development in React
A friendly and helpful personality, open to giving and receiving feedback in a constructive way
Motivation to push yourself to constantly improve, in a healthy way

Some relevant technologies and services we use:
 Infrastructure: AWS (ECS, Lambda, SNS, SQS, CloudFormation ...), Docker
 Languages: Typescript, Node.js, C#
 Frontend: React, Next.js, CSS Modules, SASS, Styled Components
 Database: MongoDB, DynamoDB, PostgreSQL, BigQuery

 Find more on: http://stackshare.io/trustpilot
 What's in it for you:

A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
Competitive compensation package + bonus
28 days holiday plus two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Pension and life insurance
Health cash plan, online GP, 24/7, Employee Assistance Plan
Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Season ticket loan and a cycle to work scheme
Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials
Free breakfast and lunch in the office on Tuesdays and Wednesdays along with extra treats throughout the month — think ice cream carts, chocolate fountains and cocktail/mocktail bars, to name a few
Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts and more.
Independent financial advice and free standard professional mortgage broker advice

Still not sure?
 We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. We're keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, don't worry if you're looking at this job description and feel like you don't meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you!

   #LI-LP1
 


 About Trustpilot
 At Trustpilot, we're passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, we're a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, we're a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers.
 We're driven by connection. It's at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it's built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, we're proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.
 Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. We're a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense.
 A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you're ready to grow, let's go.
 Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
 Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.

