
London / UK Remote | £75,000 - £100,000 + Benefits | Technology - Engineering
 About us:
 We're here to make money work for everyone and we're doing things differently. For too long, banking has been obtuse, complex and opaque.
 We want to change that and build a bank with everyone, for everyone. Our amazing community suggests features, test the app and give us constant feedback so we can build something everyone loves.
 We're focused on solving problems, rather than selling financial products. We want to make the world a better place and change people's lives through Monzo.
 About our Engineering Team:
 We have around 200 engineers out of roughly 2,000 people in total - and we have big ambitions. There are many interesting challenges ahead, and we're happy for people to move between teams or to specialise, whatever you prefer. As an engineer here you'd be able to work directly with anyone across the company, and we run regular knowledge-sharing sessions so you'll learn heaps about everything from how banks work to effective communication.
 We contribute to open source software as much as possible. Our blog is a good place to learn even more about what we do!
 What you'll be using:
 We rely heavily on the following tools and technologies:

Go to write our application code (there's an excellent interactive Go tutorial here)
Cassandra for most persistent data storage
Kafka for our asynchronous message queue
Envoy Proxy for RPC
Kubernetes and Docker to schedule and run our services
AWS for most of our infrastructure
React for internal web dashboards
We also have two physical datacenter sites with actual cables to connect to various third parties



 Your day-to-day
 This role is all about collaborating across disciplines to test hypotheses and make a difference to customers. As a product backend engineer you'll work in a squad alongside product managers, marketers, user researchers, designers, mobile engineers, web engineers, data analysts, business analysts, writers and more!
 Together you'll build and support a particular part of Monzo. Our product squads belong to our wider collectives (a word we use to describe self-governing business units of ~100 people). They are; Money, Borrowing, Fincrime, Customer Operations, Platform, Personal Banking & Business Banking. They're all looking for additional Backend Engineers right now, we do a standard interview process across all our collectives and at the end we will find the best match for you based on your skills, experience, preferences and aligning with the business need!
 Our backend engineers have a variety of different backgrounds. As long as you enjoy learning new things, we'd love to talk to you. We do not ask for formal qualifications or degree requirements for any of our engineering roles.
 You should apply if:

you have strong experience working on the backend of a technology product
you want to be involved in building a product that you (and the people you know) use every day
you have a product mindset: you care about customer outcomes and you want to make data-informed decisions
you're comfortable working in a team that deals with ambiguity
you're interested in distributed systems and writing resilient software
you have some experience with strongly-typed languages (Go, Java, C, Scala etc.).
you think you'd enjoy the kind of work we're doing

The Interview Process:
 Our interview process involves three main stages:


Initial Call


Take home task or pair coding exercise


Final interview including a system design and a behavioural interview


Our average process takes around 2-3 weeks but we will always work around your availability.
 You will have the chance to speak to our recruitment team at various points during your process but if you
 do have any specific questions or want to talk through reasonable adjustments ahead of or during application please us at any point on tech-hiring@monzo.com
 One of our engineers has written a detailed blog on their experience through this process, for extra details, hints and tips please see here.


 What's in it for you:
 £75,000 - £100,000 base salary➕ plus stock options
 ✈️We can help you relocate to the UK
 ✅We can sponsor visas.
 This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London).

We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.

 Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences
 ➕And much more, see our full list of benefits here
 We're usually always hiring for Backend Engineers, so there's no closing date for this job.


 Equal Opportunity Statement
 We are actively creating an equitable environment for every Monzonaut to thrive.
 Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we are making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, embracing diversity in all of its forms and fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog, 2021 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2021 Gender Pay Gap Report.
 We're an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity status or disability status.
 #LI-Remote
 #LI-HJ1
