

Experience Required:


    Renovite Technologies specialises in transforming mission critical payments systems using 21-century cloud-native technology. We are a global team of payments experts in the ever-evolving field of electronic payments with a proven track record of delivering and managing innovative solutions worldwide. We have offices in the USA, Scotland and India, where we develop, deliver and support our products.
   

    We are looking for talented individuals to join our software development team, working on the development of the products within our suite of cloud-native payment solutions. You will be passionate about developing high-quality software, using the latest technologies, and will be keen to learn and further your knowledge within the payments industry. 
   

    You'll join a working in agile environment where teams around the globe are working together to lead the way in cloud-native payment solutions. 
   

    We will provide learning opportunities through a combination of on-the-job coaching, self-guided learning, and dedicated training days led by our experts, and would expect the successful candidate to progress rapidly to become a fully self-sufficient developer encompassing a range of highly marketable skills.
   



What we are looking for


    A recognised qualification in Computing or Software Development
   

    Java programming experience, preferably with knowledge of Spring / Spring Boot
   

    Experience of web technologies (HTML, JavaScript, Angular)
   

    Experience using version control systems e.g. Git
   

    Knowledge of Agile methodologies, particularly Scrum
   

    An understanding of SQL/databases 
   

    Familiarity with industry-standard data formats e.g. XML/JSON/YAML
   

    Proactive nature, and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment
   

    A desire to continually improve your knowledge of software & technology trends 
   

    Excellent communication skills and enthusiasm for teamwork and collaboration
   

    A basic understanding of cloud environments (e.g. AWS)
   

    Any experience in containerisation (e.g. Docker/Kubernetes) is beneficial
   



What we offer


    A competitive salary 
   

    25 days annual leave + 9 Scottish Bank Holidays
   

    Renovite contributes 5% of gross salary to the pension 
   

    Casual dress code
   




    Free parking
   


Email cover letter and CV to: hr.uk@renovite.com



